Hey friends, for over 30 years banks, governments, manufacturers and other industries have relied on Microsoft integration technology such as Host Integration Server to access and work with data on their mid range and mainframe systems. Now you can add Azure Logic Apps to your list of options for solving your mission critical integration needs. Harold Campos is here to show me how it works today on Azure Friday. Hey friends, I'm Scott Hanselman and it's Azure Friday. Today I'm chatting with Harold Campos who's going to talk to me about cloud native capabilities integrating with mainframe and midranges. How are you, Sir? I'm good, I'm good. How are you? I am. You're you're scratching a neuron in my brain that I haven't thought about in many, many years. I did a lot of mainframe work at both Nike and a bunch of banks. I did a ton of integration work throughout the 90s and during the the Y2K stuff working in banks. So this is very exciting that we're still keeping these mainframes chugging and bringing them to the cloud. Yes, it is. It is Scott. And mainframes are still around. We have to work with them as part of the mission critical scenarios for our customers. Yeah, I understand that a huge amount of people are putting their data on mainframes. They're still out there. Mainframes exist. They're not old and legacy. They are fundamental to so many businesses. So when the world moved to the cloud, mainframes came for the ride you you are correct. So let me let me show you a little bit about the evolution of the mainframes over over the last 70 years. So mainframes, they started around 1950 and they've been evolving the hardware and the networking has been evolving from what you used to have, you know back in the day to what what you have today. But basically at its core, maintenance remains the same. So on the inside the applications they are left and mostly untouched which poses the challenges because there is a lot of data and a lot of mission critical systems being hosted in those devices despite their modernization. It is estimated that there are trillions of dollars that were invested back in the day in SNA and SNA applications which was the the, the predecessor of TCP IP right that's applications were linked to the way how protocols work as you know. So then they are still around and and they represent, they represent the, how can I say this one of these situations that customers they have to deal with is on a daily basis mission critical customers like banks as you said. Now what we've been working on over the last few years is that we've been, do you remember host integration servers, Oh my goodness, host integration server, I want to say 9394, we would use that to talk to all kinds of big iron. So, well, we still have host integration server, we support the product, we have it, the conversion is host integration server 2020. But what we've been doing over the last five years is we've been introducing these core technologies of integration that Host Integration Server has to Logic Apps. So now the majority of the capabilities that you have in Azure Logic Apps in host Integration server, they are now available in Logic Apps via Logic Apps connectors. There is, there is, there's been efforts to support our customers in the mainframe modernization space. There are different approaches for mainframe modernization. There is lift and shift code conversion, extension of capabilities and rewriting these mainframe systems. And on top of this, what there are other patterns and we've been learning from customers that customers are really pursuing or they are asking for help on managing the dependencies because it's not just about migrating the mainframe, it's not just about migrating the application. But what happens, what is with what is left behind on premises, right, you still have to deal with those systems or how is it that you interact with what you more nice to the cloud. So for those scenarios is where we have Logic Apps and Host Integration Server, the host Integration Server capabilities that allow customers to continue using these legacy assets in what is left from the mainframe or the dependencies from the mainframe that has been migrated to the cloud to Azure. And I think something that is worth mentioning is that if we see this from a cloud perspective, we have a workflow, a Logic apps workflow which has a different types of connectors that allow integration with different types of systems on premises in the cloud making a hybrid architecture. But we also have all all of these connectors, these legacy integration connectors, mainframe and integration connectors like IBMQ host files 3270 to interact with green screens, CICS systems, DB2 databases, IMS, a transaction manager and IMS database which is a hierarchical database. So if you see the word from a cloud perspective and the enablement that brings the cloud and additional scenarios with software that allows to enable and empower all of these scenarios that today we have like for instance dealing with terminals or printers or ATMs. Every time that you go to an ATM, you are likely using a host integration server and to interact with the mainframe and also the capabilities that you can gain if you continue modernizing these workloads with any of our partners. So then Logic Apps becomes the product for hiring for legacy systems like maintenance and misranges. And let me show you go ahead if I may. One thing I want to comment on is that with Azure Logic Apps, you have these wonderful Lego blocks and, you know, I like to think about it. In the modern world, there's like BLOB storage and HTTP, and you can go and do these things and you you then start adding in other things like Service Bus and file systems. All of those pieces that Azure provides are available to you in a workflow. Why shouldn't your big iron be available to you as well? I should be able to call a mainframe and put something in storage and make an HTTP call. And they're all peers in that wonderful Logic Apps workflow. And it sounds like that's what you're making possible. Absolutely, absolutely. And on top of HTTP. You know, I think, I think what sometimes it's a bit of a challenge to explain to folks is that a mainframe is not only a server, right? A mainframe is really an ecosystem. You know, you host applications, you host data, you host messaging systems, right. So then integrating with them, it's, it's, it's and then they have to see holistically different angles and different protocols and different approaches and patterns and technologies. So let me show you a little bit of what we have today with Azure Logic Apps and our mainframe and mid ranges connectors. Yeah, let's do it. Let me open the portal, Okay. So in the portal I go to my Logic app. I have a logic app that is called Azure Friday here, right? One important aspect to mention is to set up this logic app to have the Vnet integration capability enabled because you definitely want your mainframe not to be exposed. So you want to use a Vnet, a virtual network to interact with your mainframe and then open the right ports and to make sure that you have access to the right facilities in the mainframe. This workflow that I have here consolidates all of our connectors. It has all of the connectors that we have available for mainframes and integration we have. Let me create this amount. So this is a fairly simple workflow and it has the ability to integrate with using 3270 which is a protocol that was created to work with the screens. The screens that you are very familiar with right. The DB2 connector that uses TCP AP connectivity to get into our DB2 database. Host files Offline connector which is a connector that has parser that binary files and we'll see how it works. We have a connector for IMS systems. IMS is from one of the oldest systems around. It was with for the Apollo mission back in 1966. You have the CICS connector for a system system, the CICS system who was born in 1968 and you have also an NQ connector. So then all of these connectors they are available with Logic Apps. So they now with Logic Apps you can integrate all of these different types of systems from our workflow and and to be honest I think I think this is something that the team has been working very hard and and we are so happy with the outcome because in the end it allows the true mission critical integration with these legacy systems. A couple of things to add before before running this short demo is that for some of the connectors that you have that I just presented, you have to create a definition that is based in what we call copybook copybook files, which are basically a representation of the cobalt programs that represent the parameters of each one of these legacy programs. That means for CICS we require one, for IMS we require another type, right? For a data structure we require another structure which we available we in Visual Studio. We can create a mirror of this structure using Visual Studio and in a file that we call Hidx Horse Integration Definition XML file. But basically represents your your binary file, your binary structure, your copybook in the mainframe. So then once you have to find all of this so then the other thing that you have to have available is access to the system. So you have to enable the right protocols and you have to be able to integrate with this system via the code protocols either HTTP or SNA over IP, whatever is being used by your system. Now let me go back to the demo. Then what is going to happen is that I'm going to upload a file which is a binary file from my machine. I will browse for the file and this is a data set that I created that typically is generated by in the mainframe, right? And then what is going to happen is that this workflow, we read the binary date of this file and we'll pass it to some of these connectors and then it will configure some of these activities. In this workflow, if I go to overview and then then I go to run history, we'll see that this workflow is running here. Then I'm going to hit the detail of the workflow to see how is it doing and then we'll see something something very important here, right? So this has been completed. The call out to the IMS program took 0.2 seconds and this is a call from the cloud. So it went to the, it went from from the logic app to the mainframe, it did some data extraction, it executed a method and it returned a value of 777.12, right? Which is what the basically the outcome of the mainframe program. This thing happened with the CIC system. I have another problem that does the same, it returns the same amount and also I was able to send a queue to this MQ system that resides the mainframe right? And I send the binary and then I have the body. The response of this datagram that I was that I sent and a couple of things to add is that the data that I sent was binary and then it was successfully parsed by this parser. If you see the outcome here, you see that this is the data and this is the data that I wanted to show you in here. Just give me one second. You'll see that it's so cool to see the terminal. I haven't thought about these in a long time but the reminder that they're out there and that they're they're producing and holding such important data. Yes it is. It is. It is. And and let me let me show you something real quick it's just it's just taking some time. So I'll I'll go to my data set, this one that I exported and I'm going to process it right. And then you'll see that it has two records. So these two records that I have in the file as the two records that have been parsed. That data that you saw was binary data and that binary data was basically parts by this post fines connection. And just to finish so we are executing a DVD query and we are getting this is a select from a table on the same engine and we are executing for 3270 and navigation plan which is basically what we call a definition of a screen. It's a set of screens that that have a sequence and for you to get to a particular result you have to create a navigation that mimics all of the sequence of these screens using a tool that is called the 3270 tool or 3DT. With this tool, you are able to create a sequence of screens and once you find the screens, then this navigation plan will take you to the actual results. And this is fantastic for robotic process automation scenarios and that is what happens. So that's the reason why it took longer because you have to do computation in the cloud and on the mainframe. And that's what I want to show you. This is basically to summarize some of the capabilities that we have today in Logic Apps to integrate with these legacy systems. There's so many different connectors, there's so many ways to talk to so many different databases over so many different protocols. Like you said, it's really an on ramp into an ecosystem. And what's so important about this and what I think we want people to understand is that once you get it into Logic Apps, once you get it into Azure, then you can join the other ecosystem which is the Azure ecosystem. Data, lakes and data, you know, logging, management, analysis, all of that work. Once you can bring those two ecosystems together with Logic Apps and Integration Server as the bridge, you can really do some cool solutions very quickly, exactly, exactly your spot on Scott. And the fact that this is the result of work that was conducted by a team for the last 30 years, I think it's because this is not new technology, right. I mean the work that we've done and that we have running on this mission critical customers for so long speak because the customers, they are still using product integration, right, very cool. Yeah, those core capabilities that have been around that have been reliable and been used in host integration server now brought to Logic Apps. It's peanut butter and chocolate together. My two favorite things. Very cool. Thank you so much, Harold Campos for showing me about this, this new stuff. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you everyone. All right. I am learning all about Azure Logic Apps, bringing those cloud native capabilities to integrate our mainframes and our mid ranges today on Azure Friday. Hey, thanks for watching this episode of Azure Friday. Now I need you to like it, Comment on it, tell your friends, retweet it, Watch more Azure Friday.