The year is 1991, and Archer is taking his  son Michael for a ride on a carousel. Nearby,  
criminal Castor sets up a suppressed sniper rifle  and once he gets a clean shot, he fires. The  
bullet hits Archer in the back, goes through him,  and hits Michael on the head. Father and son fall  
to the ground, and a devastated Archer clings  to his dying son while Castor is in shock over  
having killed a child. Six years later, Archer  is in charge of the FBI's Los Angeles office and  
has never stopped pursuing Castor, who turns out  to be a career terrorist. Currently, Castor is  
pretending to be a minister to sneak into the Los  Angeles Convention Center, where he assembles and  
activates a huge bomb, which will blow out in a  few days. At the FBI office, Archer is informed  
that Castor's brother Pollux just chartered a jet  at a local airfield, so Archer immediately orders  
Tito to get an undercover agent planted on the  plane because Pullx never flies without Castor. At  
the local airfield, Pollux and his henchmen meet  with Castor and board the plane, where they are  
greeted by an undercover agent posing as a flight  attendant. When the plane is about to take off,  
the pilot suddenly sees a truck on the runway  coming towards them at the same time that Pollux  
notices multiple police cars plus a helicopter.  At that moment, the undercover agent takes out  
her gun and points it at Castor, but Pollux throws  his briefcase at her and begins beating her up.  
Then Castor threatens the pilot and orders him  to fly the plane. Archer continues to chase after  
the plane in his truck, and for a moment it looks  like both vehicles will collide, but at the last  
second he manages to make an u-turn. Suddenly the  plane door opens and Castor pushes the agent out,  
killing her with a shot. Archer immediately  stops the truck and jumps into the helicopter,  
which causes Castor to threaten the pilot into  taking off. However Archer keeps hitting the plane  
with the helicopter, and the pilot fails to pull  back, so the flaps break off completely. Castor  
fires at the helicopter to make it back off, but  Archer responds by shooting the left engines,  
which makes them blow up. At that moment Castor  kills the pilot and takes over the controls,  
but he has to dive for cover before the plane  crashes through the hanger with a huge explosion.  
Afterward, Archer joins his fellow agents in a  chaotic firefight against Castor and Pollux. Many  
agents lose their lives in the process, although  one of them only loses his ear. The agents keep on  
firing as they chase the brothers deeper into the  hangar and Archer shoots at a pipe so the bursting  
water causes the siblings to split. This allows  two agents to attack Pollux and finally arrest  
him. Castor sees Pollux has been arrested and  is calling for his help, but he ignores him and  
goes deeper into the hangar while Archer follows  him. Suddenly Archer hears Castor reloading his  
pistol and notices another agent in the line of  fire, but by the time he shouts a warning it’s  
too late. Castor kills the agent, causing Archer  to fire in return. Both men exchange a few shots  
as they try to keep cover, and when another agent  tries to help, Archer tackles him to the ground  
right before Castor can hit him too. Then Archer  shoots back and they keep on firing until they  
run out of ammo. Both men rush to reload their  weapons and soon the firefight restarts. After  
jumping around using chains and ramps, Archer  surprises Castor from behind and captures him,  
but Castor only laughs and dares Archer to shoot  him. They both stand up and get stuck in a Mexican  
standoff, so Castor uses the chance to brag about  his bomb, but Archer believes he is bluffing. Then  
Castor makes inappropriate comments about Archer’s  daughter and tries to shoot, only to discover he’s  
out of ammo again. He falls to his knees and  breaks down, but it’s actually an act to grab  
a knife from his pocket. Suddenly he stands up,  knife ready to stab, but Archer kicks Castor's  
hand and pushes him into a working turbine that  sends Castor flying until he hits a ventilation  
grate and falls, seemingly dead. Afterward, Archer  returns home, although his family situation isn’t  
the best. His daughter Jamie gets in trouble a lot  as she tries to find herself, and his relationship  
with his wife Eve is very cold and distant because  Archer spends too much time working on catching  
Castor. Since he’s finally caught him, Archer  promises Eve that he will ask his boss to give  
him a desk job. The next day, the entire office  congratulates Archer, however he reminds everyone  
they need to remember the fallen agents too.  Afterward, Archer declares the Castor case closed  
on his pc. He is interrupted when agents Tito and  Miller come with a disk they found in Pollux's  
briefcase. They insert it into the computer and a  strange animation appears on the screen before it  
reveals the schematics of the bomb, which Archer  identifies as a biological weapon. Archer realizes  
Castor hadn’t been bluffing, but getting more  information is almost impossible because Pollux  
will only talk about it with Castor. They attempt  to interrogate Pollux about it, but they fail  
because Pollux can fool the polygraph. Desperate  for a solution, Miller takes Archer to the Walsh  
Institute, a medical institution that specializes  in advanced operations. There Archer is shocked to  
discover that Castor is still alive and in a coma,  which Miller proves by stubbing out her cigarette  
on Castor's skin. The institute's director  Doctor Walsh and Miller then share an idea:  
they would like Archer to take Castor's face  and go into prison posing as Castor to extract  
information from Pollux. Archer is skeptical that  face swap can be a thing, so Walsh takes him to  
the operation room, where lasers are constructing  a new earlobe for the wounded agent. He also shows  
Archer the morphogenetic template, the inside  of which is modeled on Archer's skull but has  
an exterior modeled to resemble Castor's face,  meaning he won't feel any different at all.  
However Archer finds the whole plan insane  and leaves. Afterward Archer decides to try  
interrogating some of Castor's partners in crime.  He’s so angry that he pushes the first two guys  
too far and makes one of them wet his pants. Next  he tries to talk to Castor’s girlfriend Sasha,  
who claims that she hasn't seen Castor in years,  so Archer moves onto Sasha's brother Dietrich,  
who gets tired of all the questions and insults  Archer’s dead son to provoke him. Furious,  
Archer tackles Dietrich to the floor and jams  his pistol into Dietrich's eye until he admits  
that all he knows is that the bomb goes off  in a week. After Sasha and Dietrich leave,  
Archer meets with Tito and Miller and accepts to  do the face swap. He wants to tell his boss and  
Eve about it, but Miller forbids it because this  is classified and off-the-books. Archer decides to  
stop by his house to say goodbye to his family,  saying he has a mission without giving details,  
making Eve angry because he lied about getting a  desk job. Later Archer goes to the Walsh Institute  
and before the surgery, he gives Tito his wedding  ring for safekeeping. He also makes Walsh promise  
he’ll restore the bullet wound scar on his chest  after the mission is over because he doesn’t want  
to forget the day Michael died. Then the surgery  begins: Walsh very carefully takes their faces and  
while Archer’s is put away for safety, Castor’s is  connected to Archer’s body while Castor himself is  
left with exposed muscle. A few days later, Archer  wakes up and once his bandages are unwrapped,  
he freaks out as soon as he sees Castor's face  in the mirror, even trying to destroy it with a  
coat hanger. Miller and Tito immediately give  him a sedative to calm him down. Then Archer  
notices that his voice hasn't changed, but Walsh  quickly solves this by implanting a microchip in  
Archer's larynx that makes him sound like Castor.  Sometime later, a bunch of guards come to pick  
Archer up to take him to prison in a helicopter,  but he’s blindfolded first. When the blindfold is  
finally removed, Archer finds himself in a dark  room being watched by several guards. Warden  
Walton explains that Archer’s now property of the  prison and his feet are clamped in magnetic boots  
that allow the guards to monitor the location  of every prisoner 24/7 and can keep him glued  
to the floor. Afterward Archer is taken to the  cafeteria, where the other inmates stare at him.  
At that moment Archer sees Pollux, but before he  can approach him, he’s suddenly attacked by Dubov,  
a criminal that wants revenge on the real Castor.  Dubov begins beating Archer up pretty badly,  
but after taking a moment to catch his breath,  Archer fights back and gets the upper hand because  
he realizes that being Castor allows him to go  crazy. When the fight is over, Archer's magnetic  
boots are clamped to the floor and Walton uses  a stun gun on him before warning Dubov of the  
consequences of trying this again. Meanwhile in  the Walsh Institute, the real Castor suddenly  
wakes up and immediately pulls off the bandages to  discover he has no face. Confused and in pain, he  
goes to the edge of the room and sees Archer's old  face floating in a jar, so he calls his henchmen  
to help him out. Moments later, the henchmen  kidnap Walsh and bring him over, where Castor  
goes crazy and threatens Walsh until he accepts to  give him Archer’s face. Back in the prison, Archer  
finally manages to approach Pollux and manages  to get all the information about the bomb. Later,  
a guard tells him he has a visitor and Archer is  taken to the initial room. To Archer’s surprise,  
Castor appears wearing Archer's real face and  shows him a newspaper article about a recent fire  
that destroyed the institute and killed Walsh plus  his two “technicians”. This makes Archer imagine  
how Castor’s henchmen tied up and gagged Walsh,  Miller, and Tito, then covered them with gasoline  
before starting the fire that killed them. Castor  also reveals he’s wearing Archer's wedding ring  
while explaining that he’s destroyed any evidence  that Archer could use to prove who he is. His plan  
now includes taking over Archer’s job and doing  the nasty with Eve, which makes Archer furious.  
He tries to hurt Castor only to be stopped by  the guards while Castor leaves. Afterward, Castor  
goes to Archer’s house, and he almost misses the  address if he hadn’t been for Eve waiting outside.  
After Eve leaves for her job at the hospital,  Castor goes inside and looks around until he  
finds Eve's diary, through which he learns Eve and  Archer haven’t been naughty in over two months.  
Suddenly he hears music and follows the noise to  find Jamie in her room smoking a cigarette. Castor  
stares at her in a creepy way and Jamie gets  angry because her “dad” is invading her privacy,  
but when she tries to slam the door, Castor  forces his way in and takes a cigarette from her,  
which leaves Jamie in shock. Back in the prison,  Archer learns that Castor has cut a deal with  
Pollux and he’s getting released. Pollux is taken  to the FBI office, where Castor treats him to a  
gourmet meal. The other agents are surprised by  who they think is Archer’s behavior because he  
keeps shrugging people off when they offer their  condolences over Tito’s death and making a deal  
with a lowlife like Pollux isn’t his style. After  everyone leaves, Castor enters the interrogation  
room and turns off the microphone while reminding  Pollux that he's supposed to be snitching. Castor  
proposes that Pollux should confess to the  location of the bomb so Castor can become  
a hero. Once Pollux tells them all about the  bomb, the police rush to the Convention Center  
and evacuate the building. Castor comes too and  watches the bomb squad technicians trying to  
disarm the bomb with only one minute and fifteen  on the clock. The techs explain that the codes are  
protected by a tamper switch that will take them  several hours to bypass, so Castor kicks them all  
out. Once he’s alone, he proceeds to use the codes  and deactivates the bomb in seconds. As predicted,  
Castor becomes the hero of the city, which  Archer sees on the news. Everyone at the office  
showers Castor with praise, and unlike the real  Archer, he gladly receives all the compliments.  
Later that night, Castor surprises Eve with a  romantic dinner and they get intimate. In prison,  
a desperate Archer realizes that the only way to  stop Castor is to break out, so he asks another  
inmate for information, learning that he can only  get his boots off if he is taken to the clinic to  
get shock treatment. At that moment Archer sees  a guard pulling out a pack of cigarettes and gets  
an idea. He walks over to the officer to demand  a cigarette, and when the guard orders him to get  
back in line, Archer punches him. This triggers  a fight with several other guards, during which  
Archer manages to steal a cigarette. Eventually  the guards grab him and drag him to the clinic,  
where Dubov is getting shock therapy after  he started another fight. When they're done  
with Dubov, they pull him out and replace him with  Archer. He convinces Walton to light the cigarette  
for him, and while they are securing him, Archer  provokes Dubov by mentioning his family is waiting  
for him. Suddenly Dubov attacks Walton, and  while the guards go after him, Archer breaks  
free of the chair by burning his captor with the  cigarette. After punching the guards around them,  
Archer steals a gun and shoots the men approaching  them from the catwalks. The elevator doors open  
and more guards appear, so they shove a stretcher  into them, disarming them. Next Archer grabs a  
bottle of sulfuric acid and throws it upwards  before shooting it, causing a small explosion.  
Archer and Dubov then jump up to the catwalk  and start running, shooting any guard that gets  
in their way as a riot breaks out in the exercise  hall. Eventually they make it to the control room,  
and Dubov continues to fight all the guards  while Archer sits at the computer and overloads  
the security system. Dubov gets shot and falls  over the edge so Archer rushes to grab him by  
the barrel of his gun. He tries to pull him up,  but Dubov’s grip slips and he falls to his death.  
Walton fires up at Archer, but he’s stopped when a  bunch of inmates begin beating him up. Afterward,  
Archer makes his way to the roof, where he  discovers that the prison is an offshore  
oil platform. At that moment a helicopter  appears and Archer jumps off the platform  
as the gunner opens fire. Archer lands on the  next deck as the helicopter chases after him,  
and when Archer gets behind some oil cans, a stray  bullet causes a spark that lights Archer's feet on  
fire. He quickly removes his socks before jumping  into the ocean, and since he doesn’t surface, the  
pilots assume he’s dead. Meanwhile Eve is shocked  to hear her husband has forgotten about Michael’s  
birthday, and Castor is dragged to the cemetery  to visit Michael’s grave. Later when he goes to  
the office, he’s told that Archer escaped from  prison and there’s no body, so Castor sends the  
cops to find him. Back to Archer, he swims to the  shore and steals a car from a valet parking lot,  
then drives over to the hospital where Eve works.  He makes a call from the car phone and tries to  
warn Eve about Castor, but since he isn’t using  his real voice, Eve thinks this is a bad prank  
and hangs up. Next Archer calls the FBI office,  but unfortunately the operator transfers him to  
Castor, so he hangs up too. There are cops around  looking for him, so Archer has to hide when he  
sees a police car pass by. Next Archer decides  to go to see Dietrich, who immediately invites  
him to hang out with other criminals and some  escorts. Dietrich also gives him Castor’s twin  
pistols. Archer drinks some water, not knowing  it’s been spiked. His body starts reacting badly  
to the drink, so Archer rushes to the bathroom,  where he looks in the mirror and points a gun at  
his reflection. Archer tries to calm down only to  be interrupted by Sasha, who proceeds to slap him  
unconscious. Meanwhile Castor is in the middle of  an angry phone call with Pollux when he suddenly  
hears loud music. He looks through the window and  sees Jamie's boyfriend trying to force himself on  
her in his car. Castor immediately hangs up and  runs outside to smash the window with his foot,  
pull the boy out of the car, and beat him  up before slamming his head against the roof  
while ordering him to apologize. Afterward,  Castor gives Jamie a knife for protection  
and instructs her to stab any attacker in the  thigh, twisting the blade. Back to Archer, he’s  
now resting on a bed and wakes up when Sasha gets  too affectionate. He accidentally calls her Eve,  
but once he sees it isn’t his wife, he reaches for  his gun. Sasha insists on trying to do the dirty,  
and all this is seen by Pollux from across the  street before he calls Castor to tell him about  
it. Castor immediately sends an FBI team to the  scene. Once Archer is finally able to get Sasha  
off him, Sasha reveals her son Adam is there and  confesses he’s Castor’s. Archer can’t help seeing  
his own son in Adam and hugs the boy while calling  him Michael, which makes a confused Sasha pull her  
son away. At that moment, an FBI agent fires a  smoke grenade that crashes through the bedroom  
window. Archer quickly pulls Sasha and Adam  to the ground as the SWAT team opens fire and  
Dietrich together with the other criminals grab  their weapons to fire back. Archer quickly grabs  
Adam's headset so he can hear music instead of the  weapons as SWAT officers burst into the apartment  
and a vicious firefight begins. There’s chaos  everywhere and Sasha steals a gun before she,  
Archer, and Adam try to run away. However  more agents burst in, so Dietrich takes Adam  
to the room and Sasha helps the escorts escape  while Archer personally goes after the agents  
that keep coming. Hundreds of shots keep on  being fired and both sides lose many lives.  
An officer sees Adam and almost shoots him, but  Archer pushes him away just in time. Then Archer  
hands Adam over to Sasha, who rushes to the lobby.  An agent tries to stop her, but she just kicks him  
and runs away. The agent stands up to try again,  only to be stopped by Archer, who removes the mask  
and is shocked to see a friend from work. Dietrich  is coming so Archer knocks his friend out and  
shoots the ground to pretend to kill him. At that  moment Castor shows up and aims his gun at Archer,  
however he hears a noise and accidentally shoots  at Sasha instead. Dietrich jumps in and the bullet  
hits him in the neck, so he tells Sasha to run.  By the time Archer gets to him, Dietrich is dead.  
Then Archer grabs Dietrich's weapon and another  gunfight against Castor ensues. A few more shots  
are exchanged before both men end up on opposite  sides of the same mirror, and after some banter,  
they open fire at the same time. The glass  shatters and Archer is hit on the side of  
his body, but the men keep firing. At that moment  an agent arrives and shoots at Archer too, so he  
escapes through the stairway. On the roof, Archer  finds Pollux and they try to escape by climbing.  
Suddenly Archer grabs a crane cable and slams into  Pollux, sending him crashing through the skylight.  
Castor sees Archer and opens fire, making Archer  flee. Then Castor notices Pollux is dead and  
breaks down crying, making an agent wonder why he  cries for a criminal. Furious, Castor shoots the  
agent in the face. The next morning, the office  boss comes in to argue with Castor about what  
happened last night. Suddenly the man clutches his  chest from palpitations, so Castor uses the chance  
to tell him his real identity before knocking  him down, then Castor punches him in the heart  
until it stops completely. Next Castor calls his  secretary, saying their boss had a heart attack.  
Meanwhile Archer breaks into his own house and  makes Eve freak out when she sees him. Archer  
does her best to calm her down and explains the  face swap, telling her to test her husband’s  
blood type to confirm the story because Castor’s  is different from Archer’s. Later that night,  
while Castor is asleep, Eve quietly takes  some of his blood, then sneaks out to go to  
the hospital where she runs the tests and finally  sees the truth. At that moment Archer shows up and  
asks for help for the wounds he got during the  gunfight, but Eve is still wary and pulls out  
a gun. To prove his identity, Archer shares some  stories of their dates and Eve finally believes  
him. Eve takes care of Archer’s wounds and tells  him tomorrow there’ll be a funeral for his boss.  
In the morning Castor wakes up to an empty bed and  immediately gets suspicious so he rushes to the  
hospital, but by the time he arrives, Archer  is already gone. Sometime later, the funeral  
proceeds as normal. Once everyone is gone, Archer  confronts Castor, who reveals his henchman has Eve  
hostage. Suddenly Sasha and another henchman with  Jamie show up too, getting everyone stuck in a  
Mexican standoff. A gunfight ensues, and Sasha  takes a bullet to save Archer. Before dying,  
she begs him not to let Adam grow up to be a  criminal. Castor and Archer engage in a battle  
involving both guns and fists, with Archer soon  gaining the upper hand. While they’re grabbing  
each other, Jamie finds a gun and shoots at Archer  because she doesn’t know of the switch, allowing  
the real Castor to break free. Castor takes Jamie  hostage and licks her face, but she stabs him in  
the leg using the trick he taught her. Wounded,  Castor shoots two agents before running away and  
stealing a boat. Archer goes after him and steals  another boat while Castor shoots the rent shop,  
making it explode. A long chase ensues while the  coast guard fires at them, but Castor shoots them  
all and crashes Archer’s boat against theirs.  Archer jumps on Castor’s boat to keep on fighting  
him, but after a few weird moves, this boat also  crashes and the men are thrown ashore. They engage  
in a final hand-to-hand fight, and when Castor  begins hurting Archer’s face, Archer kills him  
with a spear gun. Later, Eve is able to explain  the entire situation to the FBI, and Archer is  
taken to the hospital to have his face restored.  However he asks them not to give him back his  
chest scar because now that Castor’s dead he can  finally move on. Once Archer has his own face and  
voice back, he comes home and to his family. After  apologizing for being distant the past years,  
he promises to do better and introduces  them to Adam, who shall be adopted by them.