In Berlin, young hacker Benjamin is sitting in  an interrogation room after having walked into  
a hotel room full of bodies. He has information  to offer about the cyber mafia, but he'll only  
accept to be interrogated by Hanne, the Head of  the Cyber Division of Europol. Hanne accepts the  
job and asks Benjamin to start the story at the  beginning, prompting him to go all the way back  
to his childhood. As a kid, Benjamin already  wants to do great things, but he is invisible  
to everyone around him. His father ran away when  he was born, which is the same that happened to  
his grandmother; the only memory she has of her  own father is the bullets that killed him during  
the war. Benjamin's mother ends things when he is  eight, so his grandmother has to raise him. Magic  
has always been a hobby of Benjamin, and when he  grows into a teenager, he changes that passion  
into computers and hacking, which in his eyes is a  form of magic too. He's incredibly good at what he  
does and on the internet he feels like he belongs,  unlike in real life where he's an ignored loser.  
His hero eventually becomes a famous hacker known  as MRX, and from him Benjamin learns to manipulate  
pharmacy systems into sending him Ritalin. He also  learns the three rules every hacker should follow:  
no system is safe, aim for the impossible, and  have fun on both the internet and in real life.  
This isn't possible for Benjamin since he doesn't  even have friends, only a lame pizza delivery job  
because he never went to college. One evening, he  makes a delivery to a study group that includes  
Marie, the girl he's been crushing on since  high school, but she doesn't recognize who he  
is. She comes to his defense when a mistake on  the pizzas is found and Benjamin tries to thank  
her with a superhero quote, but she considers him  a weirdo and Benjamin leaves with his tail between  
his legs. Before he makes it outside though, he  overhears Marie mentioning she wishes she could  
have the exam answers, so he decides to break  into the university and hack the central server,  
that way he could impress her and get her to  marry him. His hacking technique is flawless  
and the answers are acquired, but unfortunately  he's caught by a security guard. Since he has no  
criminal record, his only punishment is community  service, and while cleaning the streets Benjamin  
gets to meet Max, a very charismatic man that is  impressed by his hacking story and invites him to  
a party later. In the evening, Benjamin attends  the party and discovers Marie is there too but  
doesn't dare talk to her. Max takes Benjamin to  a private office and introduces him to software  
master Stephan and hardware freak Paul, who  ask Benjamin to prove his hacking skills. In  
a matter of seconds, Benjamin uses the office  laptop to cut power in the whole neighborhood,  
earning the acceptance of the three men. This  also gets the attention of the police, so Benjamin  
brings the power back before running away with  his new friends because this isn't Max's house,  
they just sneaked into an open party. On their  way out, they bump into Marie, who recognizes  
Benjamin as the delivery guy and gets dragged into  running with them by Max. Once they're far enough,  
Marie finally realizes Benjamin is the loser from  high school and quickly goes away after admitting  
it's been an interesting evening. When Max returns  home, he finds the door open and his grandmother  
gone. Luckily he finds her wandering the streets  before she gets hurt, but this is a sign that her  
Alzheimer's has advanced enough for her to need a  nursing home. A few days later, Max finds Benjamin  
again and reminds him of MRX's rules, meaning  Benjamin needs to start enjoying life. Max  
considers himself a social hacker because people  are the most vulnerable part of any system and is  
just a matter of deceiving them. To prove it, he  picks a donut shop ticket and an empty box from a  
trash can and uses them to convince the clerk that  his order came empty. Afterward, they meet with  
Paul and Stephan at a parking lot and they steal  a van that they take to a hall where an important  
political conference is being held. Using fake  IDs they made themselves, they sneak inside and  
Benjamin approaches the main laptop by using Max's  advice on social hacking, pretending to be part  
of the organization team. Once the computer has  been hacked, they run back to hide in the van and  
change the conference presentation for a humorous  video of Hitler. Many of the conference attendants  
notice the van outside and come after it, but the  group gets to drive away without getting hurt,  
although the poor van does end up destroyed. Back  in the present, Hanne is starting to wonder why  
he should believe everything Benjamin says, so  he impresses her by mentioning lots of details  
about her private life that he's acquired through  hacking before continuing with his story. After  
that successful prank, the group chooses  Benjamin's house as their base of operation  
since he's living alone now. Their prank is going  viral on the internet and while Paul doesn't like  
the attention, Max loves it and wants to become  as famous as MRX. Since Max likes to use a clown  
mask to post the videos online, Benjamin offers  the name CLAY for the group, which stands for  
"Clowns Laughing At You". From then on, CLAY  begins working on all kinds of hacking pranks,  
which go from changing the graphics on the  financial news or the lights on the building of  
a big pharma company, always displaying rebellious  messages. They don't take anything seriously and  
stay awake until late thanks to Ritalin, and  all this hard work soon makes CLAY famous both  
on the internet and the news in real life. One  afternoon, while they're at the grocery store,  
the group bumps into Marie again, but Benjamin  only manages to say hi to her. This frustrates  
Max, who quickly takes over the conversation and  shows Benjamin how to talk to girls. Max's mood is  
unpredictable, he can go from charming to furious  in seconds, especially when he gets frustrated  
every time MRX doesn't acknowledge their success.  It's around this time that the German government  
collaborates with Hanne, who comes over to work  with agent Martin and his team. There's been a  
few important attacks on government systems lately  that she thinks were made by FR13NDS, a dangerous  
Russian cyber mafia group that she's been chasing  for three years. Meanwhile the boys hack their way  
into a radio contest and win a Porsche that they  ride through the city as a symbol of their power.  
They also use it to pick up some girls that they  take to Benjamin's home for a night of alcohol and  
dancing. However Benjamin can't stop thinking of  Marie and decides to look for her in the Porsche.  
He finds her at a party and impresses her with  the car, so after chatting a bit about her exams,  
Benjamin decides to be more like Max and kisses  her. This isn't what Marie wanted and makes her  
leave, but when Benjamin tries to follow her, one  of Marie's friends hits him and warns him to stay  
away from her. The next morning, the group is  surprised to find a message from MRX making fun  
of them because in the documents Hanne presented  to her colleagues, CLAY was mentioned as harmless  
and nothing to worry about. This enrages Max,  who is obsessed with trying to impress MRX and be  
accepted in the big leagues, so Benjamin comes up  with an idea: they should hack the main building  
of BND, the German Central Intelligence. This is  their hardest target yet but they start simply  
by following the truck that picked up the BND's  trash, and once everything is in the dumpster,  
they dive in for anything useful. They end  up finding a birthday card with a name on it,  
and with that name they find the e-mail address of  a BND worker. Through a process known as phishing,  
they send a fraudulent link pretending it's cute  pictures, and when the employee clicks on it she  
grants them instant access to her computer.  They can't access the main server from there,  
but they do get access to her files and since  she's the one that makes the building access  
cards, CLAY orders four cards for themselves and  manage to easily enter the BND building through  
the front door. Paul takes care of the main power  and security alarms, Stephan deletes the security  
camera recordings, and Benjamin is in charge  of doing the actual hacking, although he stays  
a little longer to do something extra. As soon as  they're gone the prank kicks in and every printer  
in the building prints dozens of pages with a  cheeky message from CLAY. That night, the group  
goes to a club to celebrate their successful prank  and comes across Marie again. Benjamin is finally  
feeling confident enough to make a better pass  at her, but he gets a sour surprise when he finds  
her kissing Max. Furious and heartbroken, Benjamin  returns home only for Max to show up at his window  
minutes later wanting to talk. Too angry and  betrayed to talk, Benjamin tells Max to go away  
and insults him, so Max snaps back by reminding  him he's nothing without them before leaving. The  
idea of being nothing bothers Benjamin because he  doesn't want to be a loser again, thus he reveals  
he stole classified data from the BND servers and  gifts it to MRX to prove his skills. The next day,  
after Hanne visits the BND building for clues  about the latest prank, she receives awful news:  
the agent that had been infiltrating FR13NDS  has been killed. Between this death, the prank,  
and the stolen information, Hanne's position is  hanging by a thread. Meanwhile, Max, Paul, and  
Stephan show up at Benjamin's place, and a fight  begins when Benjamin calls Max a manipulator. Paul  
makes them stop when the latest news appears on  tv, revealing that the double agent was killed  
because the information that was stolen from  the BND servers revealed his name to FR13NDS,  
which MRX works for, and now CLAY is labeled as a  terrorist group. The group freaks out and Stephan  
wants to leave while Max wants Benjamin to hand  himself over to the police since it's all his  
fault, but Paul is against sacrificing anyone.  Benjamin points out that they should deliver MRX  
and FR13NDS to the police instead, that way they  can become invisible again. Their discussion is  
suddenly interrupted by the doorbell: it's Marie,  who is worried about Benjamin after he disappeared  
last night. She thinks he's acting weird right  now too, and he takes that as an insult and  
proof she'll always see him as a freak, so he  sends her away after accusing her of having come  
over only for Max and wishing he had never met  her. CLAY agrees they should find MRX, but since  
they've become so paranoid they decide to use a  public network at the local library, which allows  
Hanne's team to track their location. Faster than  expected, Benjamin is granted access to MRX's  
private channel, where MRX welcomes him officially  into the Darknet and gifts him a file with the  
next job. Benjamin downloads the file just in time  before Hanne arrives with a bunch of officers,  
managing to avoid them by hiding under the table.  Failing to capture CLAY again after having them so  
close gets Hanne suspended. The job MRX wants  CLAY to do is to send malware dressed as real  
information, also known as Trojan, to the Europol  system, and they accept to do it because they have  
a plan: they're going to hide a second Trojan  inside the first one to make it reveal MRX's  
identity when he accesses the system after the  mission is completed. While destroying their hard  
drives to get rid of all evidence, Max apologizes  to Benjamin for everything and admits he doesn't  
even know anything about computers. Afterward,  CLAY travels to The Hague to study Europol's  
headquarters, but none of their usual tricks  work: the trash is dumped in a secured building,  
nobody falls for their phishing attempts, and  all entrances are locked including the sewers,  
where Max gets his hand hurt by a nail. The  group is ready to give up, but when they're  
about to leave, Benjamin notices a person leaving  the building and dropping their access card,  
which he steals. It's pretty risky to pull social  hacking on a guard working for the government,  
so Benjamin waits for his friends to fall asleep  in the hotel to try it, accepting this is his  
responsibility. By pretending to be the owner of  the access card, Benjamin convinces the guard to  
give him two minutes inside to find a wallet  he lost and manages to plant a box designed by  
Paul that grants him access to the BND network.  The next morning, Benjamin meets with MRX in his  
private channel to pass him the hidden Trojan, but  MRX already knew about this trick and activates  
the camera on Benjamin's computer, exposing his  face to the entire Darknet. Immediately a group  
of Russian mobsters finds him and chases him  through the city; Benjamin only manages to save  
himself by hiding in the subway tunnels. Sadly  his friends aren't as lucky, and when Benjamin  
returns to the hotel he finds them all dead.  After picking up the bullets, Benjamin calls  
the police and asks for Hanne, taking us back to  the beginning. He wishes to be invisible again and  
not to fear for his life, so he's providing all  this information in exchange for being accepted  
into the witness protection program. While  Hanne calls her higher-ups to get the deal,  
Benjamin reminisces about her last evening spent  with Marie, during which she thanked him for  
hacking the exam answers and they kissed, Benjamin  also asked her to run away with him. Martin comes  
over and tells Hanne not to trust Benjamin because  his story has lots of holes, but Hanne makes him  
change his mind by convincing him that Benjamin is  the only one that can bring down MRX and FRI3NDS,  
who are the real criminals. Benjamin is given  a computer to work his magic, logging in to the  
Darknet pretending to be MRX and confessing he's a  snitch working with law enforcement. The real MRX  
gets so desperate to clear his name that he forces  his way in with unsafe methods, allowing Benjamin  
to expose him as a 19-year-old American guy from  New York that immediately gets arrested by the  
FBI. Delighted by this success, Hanne informs  Benjamin that he'll get his new identity in a  
few hours while noticing a wound on his hand that  looks like a nail did it. Remembering Martin's  
observation about all the holes in Benjamin's  story, Hanne decides to investigate more, starting  
at Benjamin's house where she finds the empty box  of Ritalin. Then she meets with Marie, who denies  
having seen Benjamin since he delivered the pizzas  and calls him crazy. Lastly, Hanne visits the  
doctor in charge of Benjamin's grandmother, who  explains Benjamin grew up in unclear circumstances  
and his mother ended things for herself because  she suffered from Multiple Personality Disorder,  
which is inheritable and medicine like Ritalin  can make the symptoms stronger. After lab tests  
confirm that the bullets Benjamin brought from the  hotel are the war memories of his grandmother and  
no bodies have been found, Hanne goes to see him  again and explains she knows the truth: Max, Paul,  
and Stephan never existed, they're Benjamin's  other personalities. All the hacking had been  
solo work, and the nail injury from the sewers  has always been on his own hand. This unsettles  
Benjamin, who refuses to accept he's like his  mom and begins wondering who he really is,  
but Hanne interrupts him with bad news: people  with mental disorders cannot be given witness  
protection. Overwhelmed by the fear of possibly  getting killed by FR13NDS and the news of being  
mentally ill, Benjamin has a breakdown that makes  Hanne pity him and give him one last chance. On  
their way to court, Hanne gives Benjamin access  to a government computer and explains the witness  
protection program is a literal program he can  hack, so he can set up his new identity after  
promising he'll never hack anything ever again.  Benjamin is legally released and after bleaching  
his hair, he leaves the country on a Scandlines  ferry, where he meets with Marie, Max, Paul,  
and Stephan. It turns out he isn't mentally ill  and this whole deal has been part of a plan by  
CLAY to socially hack Hanne. After he escaped the  Russian mobsters, Benjamin told his friends he was  
a danger to work with, but they refused to forsake  him and decided they needed to trick Hanne.  
With the help of Marie's knowledge of the law,  they learn people with mental disorders cannot  
be given witness protection and set up the  whole story to have holes on purpose; they  
also gave Benjamin's hand a wound to match Max's  and retrieved the bullets from his grandmother's  
box as a final touch. Benjamin didn't write his  name under witness protection, he actually deleted  
all his information from the system and did the  same for his friends, so now they can start a  
new life while being truly invisible. Meanwhile  during Martin's press conference announcing their  
success, Hanne realizes she's been tricked but  still smiles to herself. She thinks Benjamin is  
right: the biggest fish have been caught  and now she can have her position again.