All right. So, um, as of November 1st in and um moved into an uh auto data partnership. And as a part of that, um you know, we've, we're able to then bring in the auto data um for to go over to OMNI but also into Audience Engine Engine. And a few of you have been um using audience and we thought that we would open it up to the rest of the team so that you could understand um the partnership and what it's about. But also, then our uh goals today are to go through the partnership and then, um do the audience engine training, which will give you a great overview of the automotive data that has subscribed to. So, let's first talk about what's included in the partnership. So, um we are the exclusive provider of auto data for OMNI. And as part of this, we are, um, we've, we've, we've built a partnership around syndicated auto audiences, semi custom auto audiences, as well as auto hyper targeting auto audiences, syndicated auto audiences are those that are standard models that are off the shelf. And um, we are sending those directly to as well as uploading them into your audience every month. Um They're being refreshed, semi custom refers to combinations of syndicated auto audiences that include, you know, lifestyle but automotive um elements as well. And then auto hyper targeting is a unique product to experience and is a unique product in the ecosystem. Auto hyper targeting um allows our customers to target owners of vehicles uh who will be coming off lease off loan or who and who are in positive equity. Um This is a really uh popular product that we uh launched a couple of years ago and we launched it for direct mail and email and over the last year and a half, we've enhanced it so that we um folks can use it for digital. So uh we've created an auto hyper targeting standard taxonomy for omni but also um they've, they've made it um available to you for creating custom audiences as well and as a unique um offering in the marketplace, we update all of our audiences monthly and those are the ones that you guys have access to. So another unique thing about the partnership we have is that you um have multi channel targeting permissibility. So, previously, you've had analytics and insights, permissibility, but um planning and activation only around digital and some social, but now we've got uh planning for digital social DVL, addressable and C TV O TT as well as activation. And then we've made all of the data that um you've subscribed to available in audience section so that we can collaborate. Um And you can have, you know, different tools at your fingertips, whatever works for you. And then another benefit to this is that um to this partnership is that, you know, there, there are rates that are um that are specific to omni and that are available to you. Um And the standard auto audiences are at 50% omni rate. And the auto hybrid targeting is a dollar 40 for an omni rate and that is um significantly reduced off of rack rate. So we're excited about that as well. Um Just a little bit of information of what makes this different. You may not know that. Um Experian is one of two recipients of DMB registration data. We collect uh DMV registration data from all states. Um And we update that data every 48 hours. That doesn't mean that every state gives us data every 48 hours. But what that does mean is that when we are receiving daily, weekly or monthly fees, we're bringing those in normalizing them, um scrubbing them and you know, making them available for our data products. So that is a um unique offering in the marketplace as well as we are a single source compiler. So um because we are one of two companies that have bring this um DMV data in and we are also a um a provider of credit data in the marketplace. And then we are also one of the only um independent consumer research uh databases in the marketplace. We are able to provide our customers that single source compilation and strong linkage in the background. And then we have the ability to activate anywhere. So we have connections throughout the ecosystem that allow our customers to take advantage of um high match rates. Um This is just a proof point about our coverage quality and timeliness. Um We do that updating every 48 hours and so that gives us the ability to report on 70% of new vehicle sales um within seven days and use vehicle sales um of 51% within seven days. But if that number goes up as, as we move into the month and we have a full picture of almost a full picture of purchase um across the us. Um at 98% after a month, we are the foundation of a lot of um auto brand, auto data. So um many O ems, this is a list of most of them that rely on us from everything from stats and loyalty data to market um research data to um you know, helping them manage their customer data and then also now building audiences. So we're really bringing all of this auto data out into um out into the to the O ems but also agencies and platforms and really helping the ecosystem find efficiencies. So, um the very first data set, we that you guys subscribe to is our um standard auto audience data. And those are built off of two of our um two of our uh our, our unique assets. One is the North American vehicle database that is our vehicle, our DMV um vehicle um data. And we combine that with our consumer view data. And we are able to then um create unique models per segment, per um audience segment, which combines both the owner data. But also, then the consumer research data builds uh unique segments around that data and um identifies the attributes that are most predictive of a sale and it creates a look alike. So, um this is a really powerful tool that um that we have and we've been able to leverage for the marketplace. Two years ago, we had um 32 auto audiences that we had created. Now, we have over 600 these 600 segments sort of lay out like this. We've got in market, we've got owner, but most recently we've added the ones that are in red. So um we've got um many options in alternative fuel. We've added likely switchers. Um that typically, you know, people likely to switch to alternative fuel, people likely to switch to HD pickup HD pickups actually been um an increasingly requested audience exotic and um then some different used um segments as well. And we see that based on, um you know, we've done a study and based on um benchmarks, we see that these audiences increase new vehicle purchase and in brand um in brand buy rates from 6 to 24 times. So that is um compared to the general um you know, us benchmark. But just by adding in market by make or model, we you could see that um you can increase your buy rate. Mm What's going on here? Oh, here we go. Ok. All right. Next type of auto data that your company is subscribed to is the auto hyper targeting audiences. This is a really, really powerful data set because what it does is create um audiences that are, you know, built off of um essentially deterministic data and it resembles a deterministic data set um based on the way that we're modeling it. So, uh what it allows you to do is take, you know, what we do is we take the file one credit database, the North American vehicle database and then add the consumer of your marketing database and um find the attributes and um of the owners um that are related. So for instance, let's say where you take an owner of an SUV and we've matched that to consumer view. And then consumer view gives us all of these um identity, you know, attributes for that specific um owner. But then we can also then in a compliance way, go into the file one credit database and understand that the line kind of level um when the, when the lease is up for this particular vehicle. We can, um, understand, um, where they live, we can, um, see what, what they've, um, when they would be off lease or off loan or what they've owned in the past and how long they've owned it. Um, the difference between this auto hyper targeting and syndicated. Um, one way, good way to think about it is the syndicated, standard auto audiences are, you know, likely to be in market in the next 180 days. And that's a fixed time that's applied to all of our audiences. With auto hyper targeting, you're able to be more flexible with the timing. So you could say, you know, from today 90 days out, I want to reach all of the people who live in a certain go who um drive an alternative fuel vehicle who are coming off lease. And so, you know, we can say with 80 plus percent certainty that those um households are um specific to expiring lease loan termination or in positive equity, it's a really powerful tool. Um You know, as we go through these, I wanted to be sure that we're clear on the definition of auto hyper targeting. So if you want to target owners of vehicles who would be off loan off lease or in positive equity, this is the um data set to use and um the A HT standard data set is what we have been calling it as you know, as from the, from the, um, you know, from the operation side. But really what that means is you can rely on that every month um, in omni or at Audience Engine in, in, at all. Um All of your client makes top five models and all vehicle classes for off lease off loan owners and inequity will be in there. And those are the folks um who have, you know, come off lease in the last 60 days and will come off lease within the next 60 days. And that's, that's really the time frame we recommend to use when you're looking at people from off loan, off lease in equity or owners. And then one of the unique things you also have the ability to do. And that's what we're talking about today is um you can build custom audiences, auto hyper targeting. Um The great thing about it is it's really flexible and you can request insights and um request a, a build or you can build it yourself an audience section. These are the attributes and the variables that are available for each of those of those modules, off lease off loan, inequity and owner and those are the attributes and the variables you'd see in audience tensions and then proof point. This really goes back to the power of auto hyper targeting there. This is a case study of um a, a four month campaign that um and an Asian OEM um did for its competitive segments. And we saw that in that four month campaign, 288,000 individuals purchased a vehicle and the loyalty rate and the conquest rates were that of, you know, what leads, what leads are in the marketplace. So we think those are really powerful audiences. And then this is just sort of an overview for you. It's kind of a cheat sheet of the audiences that are available to you as part of the auto data partnership and where to find them. So um syndicated auto audiences will be in omni but also at the auto audience. And then um same with semi custom and auto hyper targeting um will be in both. But if you need one that is not in the in the taxonomy, you can reach out to us and we'll create it for you. Alright. So switching from data sets to uh collaboration tools. Um The, the next thing we're gonna like talk through is the collaboration tool that ana and have subscribed to for you, which is um and it's called A and A is really um a platform we have that allows users to come in and quickly analyze audiences, create them and distribute them. And um it allows you to do distribution for advanced analytics. Um You know, you can do direct connect to omni or you can distribute elsewhere for activation if you are not activating through omni, right? Um ana instance includes user based per account based user permissions. It also includes um the same view of data um that you would have in omni also in um in experience a audience. So you see the standard auto audiences, the monthly auto hyper targeting and then the attributes and variables for auto hyper targeting to create customs. Um It also allows you to create unique audiences by combining um audiences from both data sets. Um You can get uh accounts quickly by destination and then obviously the direct distribution um includes direct distribution to omni. So we're able to take advantage of the direct connection between omni and experience. Um As I mentioned, the SPS and then select E TV platforms. All right. And then just sort of, I'm gonna hand it off to Kim mcconnell to do our audience engine training. But uh what we want to accomplish today is sort of like an intro to review work flow, how to build and distribute audiences for your brand, um understand the data and the elements available to you in the user interface and then um review some of the reporting tools because um the tools inside of audience allow you to do some analytics on some light analytics on the audiences that you're, that you're analyzing or that you wanna know more about. And then um if there are further like deep dives that you wanna do into like a 201 of operations inside audience, we're happy to do um you know more personalized, customized training and answer your questions directly. So um I'll hand it over to Kim and let her share her expertise. OK. Um What I wanna show you um we have a limited time frame, so I'm gonna try to keep it fairly high level and as said, we can do an in depth additional training or one on one as needed. But generally when you log into audience engine, the first thing that you're gonna see by default is the flows canvas. And this is where you create your accounts, your or your files to be distributed. Um To create a new flow, you would click here to create that new flow. But before we do that, I wanna show you where you can find some online resources that will be very beneficial to building flows. So down here in the lower left hand corner, there's a resource center. And in here you're going to find many documents. Um for example, an audience engine data dictionary. Um And what you can find in here is all the uh the elements that are available within the audience engine tools. Um It exports it to an Excel spreadsheet. And then this way you can work off line for this to come up and I'll move this over where you can see it. There we go. OK. So in your data dictionary, you're gonna have um the pricing structure and audience, the uh the name of the element. Um It'll give you um, a file path in the elementary or I like to call this a bread crumb. It'll tell you where to click to find that like in the auto new folder in the, in the market folder, in the body styles folder. Um It'll tell you the type of data. It's gonna tell you whether that's an, an actually a individual reported or if it's modeled or geographic, um, it'll show you the level, whether it's uh an individual level data or a household level data. And then it'll give you a slight summary of that element and you can search and use this off line. OK? Another tool um up here under data discovery, um I won't go too into depth but I wanted to show this is just a user preference. You can come in here and search for elements. So like if you search for auto and just bring this up, so you can have a of how the the tool works. OK? And then here you can limit this to only elements available in audience engine. And then as you find elements you that might meet your needs for your, your targeted audience, you can check those search for new verbiage and it'll keep adding the elements you're interested to into a list and then you can download a report to only see that handful of elements instead of seeing the entire uh data dictionary, which can be thousands of elements. So personal preference is another way, another way to research it and get to the elements that you may use. OK. Up here under the documentation icon. And here this is an online uh system assistance. You can come in here if you're working in flows, for example, and you wanna know more about a filter node that you use to create audiences will be subtext. In here. Screen prints on how to build a filter and some additional information if, if you're a self learner and wanna go out and explore and answer some of your own questions. This is where you would find that. OK? I'm gonna go back to the name flow the home page. OK? When you first log in, I wanna point out over here on the left. Once you create your first flow, everybody's gonna have their own personalized folder. So you can see I have some sample flows out here that you can reference and use it um when you get started. But how these work is you cannot change anybody else's flow, but you can view somebody else's data. OK? And I'll show you when you're in here how you can use a save as button to copy somebody's and put it under your own name. So you can see we have a few people that have logged in and done some few flows. You might see some names that you recognize here. OK? Just um and not to navigate the uh folder, this is just like file, explore on your computer. You can use them or not. Um You just simply add a folder, you can name this whatever you wanted to say. You can move files by left clicking and holding them into a folder and you know, everybody has their own personal style so you can do this however you want under your own name. OK? I'm gonna delete that because I don't need that. OK? So let's go back to the main flow uh blank canvas, which is this trident icon. If you ever have to navigate back to this page, OK. We'll create a new flow. OK? The first thing you should always do is to always name your flow. As you can see when you name it, you see that up here under your folder and you don't wanna have 20 or 30 flows name new item. This way this flow will be searchable and you can find it. You're gonna go ahead and hit save the save button. I know that's a simple feature, but I like to recommend now that we're all working at home with the environment. Uh um I for one lose connection sometimes. So I save often. So I don't lose my work. OK? This drop down. This is what we refer to as the toolbox and this will have all of your nodes that you can use within flows. OK? There's not a lot. So once you learn the flexibility, you're gonna learn to stack and use them. You can create a flow that's as simple as complex, complex as you need it to be. And before we get into these, I just wanted to point out when you left click and hold tools onto your canvas and you can build and stack them, create separate flows. But what I'd like to point out is over here on the right. I'm gonna close this up temporarily. These buttons over here are simply for how you personally want to view your work or your work palette. OK? You can make it bigger, you can make them smaller or this nice fit button here will make it as big as possible based on, sorry about that. Uh based on the elements that you have. There's an auto arrange tool that will line them up based on how you have the link. I use these a lot. I take these out of here in the toolbox. You'll see when you hover each over each one of the nodes. It's gonna give you a summary of what the tool does. For example, this creates a new audience um with all the demographics that you choose to create. Um it can have either no input or one input and it tells you it, it will have one output or it says Children one, OK? And they each have that kind of definition. We will go over some of these um kind of a type uh short time frame. So I'll be a little bit quicker today. For example, let's pull down the filter and create an an audience. OK. To get into the tool, you double click, you name your tool because as you link tools, it always reference the tool that's input or output or on reports that you export. So this can be anything you want it to be, you can call this count one, you can call this segment one. You could call it the auto A HT um demo one just for example, purposes for today. I'll just call this. Uh What example am I gonna do today? Let's do a HT demo. Let's make OK. Now to get started, the gray areas where you drag and drop your elements will be putting them in here. But all the available elements are over here on the left in what we call the element tree. There's three primary sections. You have experienced consumer view data, OK? You have a first party data. So what we have loaded up for you looks like it's just um your ana lu ID and per or living unit ID and person ID. Um This area is where you will find um audiences that you upload. There isn't a function in the system. We can do separate training on where you can upload um large list of zip codes. Like if you have a list of 3000 zip codes or LU I DS for a specific audience, you wanna see in the system, you can upload them and see them here. The auto hyper targeting data will be here under the hyper hyper targeting folder. OK? So let's build a quick audience today. I'm gonna go in and let's let's grab the age element which is under demographics. OK? When you hover over an element, I wanna point out you do get the same summary you see in the data dictionary. And if you wanna send that to somebody you may be speaking with, you do have the ability to right click and copy that into your uh clipboard and just put that right into an which is kind of a handy feature. OK? To move it to your right? Um You can just drag that into the gray gray box or you can double click again, personal preference to which way that you like that. OK? I'm gonna go ahead and just for today, just select 19 plus. Um Let's go ahead and let's build some uh hyper targeting data elements. Let's go ahead and pull in off loan date. OK? I'm gonna just select a few dates in here just for a sample. I'm gonna do 56789 here. Hey, let's, let's add in, make OK. OK. So in here you can select things like I'm just gonna grab three or four. Let's do BMW Chevrolet forward, Land Rover and we'll do Lexus. OK? So that's how you build a, a simple audience. You find your, your elements on the left and you drag them to the right. Ok. Before I go into talking about the bullying logic, I do wanna point out some search features. Um I'm gonna use um um I know it's auto not auto related but I like to use something. I know there's most. So I'm gonna go ahead and use the word cruise and as you can see when you search by default, it's gonna find elements and folders that are related to the, the text that you're searching for. So vacations are related to cruise, travel is related to cruise. But sometimes if you're using an offline data dictionary, you know specific element, you just want the elements with a specific name. This green button is our conceptual search. You can toggle that off and bring that list down to a shorter list of elements and move those into um your your platform. OK? And just uh I'm gonna move these in just to show you how to use Boolean logic in here and then I'll remove these. OK? I'm gonna add a group which drops to the bottom and I'm gonna move these into this groove. OK? So to explain how your logic works in audience engine, there's an and or button that connects directly to the line that follows below. OK? So everything here will be set up to be um age and off loan and make and this group that we added. So if I close this up, you can see those all go together. So now for this group, I'm changing this to an or because they only have to meet one of these individual elements. OK? You can build these uh booing logics as complex as you need to, you can add groups, you can add groups within groups. So as you can see, it can be as simple or complex as you need it to be. It's very, very flexible. OK? I'm gonna back back out of here and I'm gonna temporarily save. I do have some demos. I wanna show you when you execute a node, there's many ways to do it. You can right click on your note and say execute this individual tool or you can hit, execute and this runs everything that's in your flow. If you have 40 tools, they will all run. OK? Just temporary. I'm gonna put another tool in here. If there's another tool connected to it, you can right click and say execute this item and everything connected below it. OK? So once it runs, if you look at a completed sample, let me see if I've got one here. OK? You'll see once it runs the quantity displays for you right on the node. OK? I also want to point out before we move on to other notes when you double click on your filter. Once it runs, you'll see you have the capability to export the report and I'm gonna export. One of these, the reports look slightly different depending on the note that you're exporting. I wanna give you a sample. OK. So you can see here, it brings out the name of the tool that you named it. It's gonna give you all the elements that you selected. It's gonna tell you the the pricing labels that are set for those particular elements and it's gonna give you the audience size. It's also gonna have the benefit of coming down here into the data dictionary. It's gonna give you uh the data dictionary rows for those particular items that you used also. OK? So let's go back into the demo flow. OK? Now, moving on to other tools make this bigger so you can see this. Um I'm gonna show you how to use a report note. OK? You can connect this and when you open this, um the reporting tool is, is handy, you can do it on an audience or as a stand alone. The basic function for this is you pull in any element that you want to use. I'm gonna use um let's use, make an off loan date. OK? Now any time you want to summarize on an on an item, you have to count it. So every time you run a account you will need to um go into under a and select either a living unit ID, which is household level or a person ID, which is person level, OK? I'm gonna grab person level and then you have to set how you wanna count it. You can say um minimum value, maximum count distinct. And we'll just say this is make an offload base. OK? You can also, I'm gonna duplicate this when you're in a report node. Go back here. You can see this doesn't have an input file. So it's a stand alone node. You can actually uh build your audiences as a filter within the report too. Also by using the add custom filter. And you can see this looks exactly like the filter tool that we just built where you would go in, you would grab your, your income or your age, your auto elements. OK? I have one of these, I wanna show you what that looks like when it runs because this is a pretty dynamic tool. I think you'll use this a lot. OK? I'm gonna go into a stand alone sample. So you can see that you can see the elements that we selected, we're counting on person ID. You can see the custom filter that I applied in this report node. But down here at the bottom, it's gonna give you a flat, a flat inventory of the elements you selected. But the good part about this is I'm gonna move these up here for just a second. When you first come in, all of the elements that you selected will be up here in a queue, even if there's 9 10 or 11 elements. It's a, it's a dynamic real time. You can move these around and create pivot tables to look how you want them and how you want. So I'm gonna select what we summarized here. And for example, if I just want to see a quick count on make for that audience, you can see how quick that was where you can see how many of each of those makes are in that audience. If I change how I'm counting, there's some options in here. Who's not this? I'm gonna say you can change from in in your sum to uh some fraction of total. So it will then show you the percentage of this audience is 42% of Chevrolets, 6% Lexus. So it'll give you a little bit uh of an insight on that. Let me get back to here here. OK? Sorry, I gotta get out of here, get this to collapse for me. OK? And then you can also see your your visual preference. You can put that as a column instead of a row and move those around dynamically. And once you have a report, you can hit the report button and expect uh export that version into Excel. OK? Maybe you wanna see a combination of elements and make a pivot table and then uh you can export that to a report so you can see it, it's pretty versatile on it. Um the elements and how you can move this around to make it where you can look at your audience a little bit deeper. Mhm Watch my clock here. Um Go back into this demo. OK. OK. You have the ability to, to, to do a split tool, split tools can be used to do quantity cutbacks. Um You can add in a function and say I want a 10% control and a 90% test. And just to show you how that looks when you come out of your tool, you can also take that same split. Instead of using a percentage of a relative amount, you can make that an absolute like if you have a a budget limit, um you can do a, a quantity cut back and say this needs to be limited to um I'm just gonna say 100,000 records for a sample, you can output a balance file or you can turn that off. OK? We'll rearrange this. Yes, we have a merge tool that allows you to suppress other audiences. So I'm just gonna duplicate the tool and we're gonna make this a different audience. Let's go ahead and make this one. We're gonna go ahead and take these elements out and make it a little bit different. Let's go down to make, we'll search for Honda. OK? And we also have make under our high level auto elements here. Um Let's go ahead and use this, make it my own, use this one instead. OK? You can also combine that with consumer view elements. For example, we have mosaic, our mosaic codes. So I'm gonna pull that over here and we'll use a mosaic code. We'll select those power elites, give us a new name. OK. So now that you have two filters, you can use a Merse tool to combine them into a single audience. This can be used if you wanna see the individual account for each audience, but really only 11 file with no keys. If you double click on merge, you can also uh suppress other audiences. If you know, for sure, you do not want this particular set of records, you can turn this on to be suppressed so it'll suppress those out of your audiences. You can do inner joins. OK? OK. So now if you wanted to duke these counts or if you wanna get them ready for to distribute to a destination, we have an export node. I'm gonna pull that down here and how this functions. And I'm gonna also show you single view. We'll start with single view, a single view tool. What this does? This allows you to see the reach for a particular audience. You can double click and come in here. If you wanna see say a ma uh estimated match count to dish or files or, or target smart, you just click those and run them. OK? Gonna hit save quick and I'll show you how that looks once a a single view runs. OK. Once that runs, you'll see that the accounts display and give you an estimated total. You can also see some of those destinations have a minimum minimum quantity. So that will automatically be um image control and it won't show you that if that falls below their particular mini minimum. Mhm. Now the export is required to to get data prep to go but it can use be used also for counts. So in this instance, um this is where you would enter your campaign name on the export note because this actually goes into the file name that you distribute, you then select your destination. So if it's gonna go to a direct, you can select the ana household or if it's going to new star or live ramp would also be selected here. OK? Once that destination is selected, you have some more options, you can turn on a feature to dedupe uh the segments that you're you're output, you can rearrange the priority for them and you can apply a segment code that you wanna see, right? You can also turn um max quantity on and you can cut back the quantity here. If too much was selected, you can also cut this back to like 100,000 records per segment just to show you some of the capability of the export tool. OK? OK. Now, to show you a export that ended, I'm gonna pull one of those up. I'll just pull up the an audience. Now, once the audience has ran and all of your mod or modules have quantity to deploy, all you would have to do. Um I'm not sure which option is turned on here, but there's two, if you have the direct deploy, you would just hit the deploy email and you'll get an email that tells you when it's done. Ok? If you're set up to have uh approval first, we usually set up new Year as this way. So we can kind of look at your flows to kind of help you learn. But under here you would do the request export approval. And then once you've done that, you would email the oaops at dot com uh email address and we'll take a review for that and get that released to deploy. Ok. Let's see what some of these other nodes that we have up here, merge um offer you won't use single view. Um Insights is retiring. Um This note is not used often, but what you can do with this is the analy file is at an individual level. Um You can take an audience in and what you can do is if you want to see a quick household count, you can just select to dedupe that on a living unit or a household level just to see what kind of household con uh contact that you're gonna have. OK. Pretty simple. OK. Um Oh, did I hear I thought I heard somebody ask me a question. Love the DJ S. Um So the, the file is currently set up. So when you see a quantity uh on your node, that's gonna be the number of individuals that are gonna be output onto your file. OK. But do they call it the new node? Because if uh say my household has three people, it will dedupe that or take that down to one per household. So you only get one person for the household that is gonna be outside. Does it also dedupe across audiences or just within uh just within a node? Yeah, the node is a single filter tool. That's why I said this one is doesn't have high usage. It's just if you want a quick count on a single node, if you're gonna want to dedupe across audiences, like here we have two, you'll wanna use an export. I see. OK. OK. It says export, but it doesn't actually send the data until you hit deploy. So this can be used for accounts and and prepping the data file um to be distributed. OK. So case node, the case note is just a different way to create audiences. I gonna try to hurry here so we can leave some questions just at a high view view. Case does the same thing as filter. If you have two audiences here, you would build the same exact two audiences here. The only difference is coming out of a case tool, it comes out deduced across the audiences at the level that your file is built. So for a uh I think you're built at personal level, I would have to double check for you. The audiences would come uh come out duped on a personal level. So a person can only be in one audience at a time. OK. So when you look in case you add a row and as you can see, this looks just like that filter tool where we we pulled the audiences in and built them, you can label it just like you do a filter notes. So you could name this. Um What do we name that first one? So like this, we could name this one, same thing. A tat demo. OK? You could build that audience and once you're done, I have to add an element to get a feature to show up. So let me pull an element in here. OK? Once you have an audience built this clone option will come up where you can just copy that audience and it will copy, copy everything you have settled here or you can build a new one and then you name this just like we did that second tool. So I'm just gonna name this one real quick. Um ITM OK? And when you come out of here, you can see it has two audiences just like if you had built them. The only difference is is if it's at the level of your file individual house. I'll have to check for that for you. OK? So basically the functionality of the notes, there's very few in the functions are, are fairly easy to get used to once you get in here. But I wanna start a new flow and I wanna show you that you can make this as, as complex as you need to because you can stack, if you're doing research, you could select, say I'm just gonna use the headers instead of pulling elements to save time. You could run a count on age. You could pull in another filter and add in um a make you're trying to see where you're dropping quantity or how you can increase quantity. You can build these and use these as a research tool to go as big or little as you need it to be. OK? So high level, those are the tools. Um I wanna point out here under uh this my external user ID. I do have some samples here for you accounts and orders with different tools. Um You can change them, the system won't let you. But what you can do is when you come out here and if you find one, you wanna use as a starter template, bring this up here. All you have to do is to save as button and then you can name this whatever you want and hit save and you can see it creates a copy of that under your folder. So it would copy from me to your folder. So this is a good way to learn. And if you have other examples or you need help with audiences, feel free to reach out to the team. That's what we're here for. Either myself or someone else can help you with those audiences and building the first few. Um and it will get easier, the more that you do. Ok. So these are limited on time. I wanna make sure we have at least a few minutes