A virtual assistant as our second persona, Dave Hung. Dave is the regional sales manager and wants to understand sales trends from previous product releases. He's also interested in inventory of service products. He starts by asking a question on stock carried for URCO devices. We have our answer. Let's see what this looks like in the back end. We pass the schema information within the system prompt and ask GP T to produce the appropriate SQL query to answer the question. Once the SQL query is produced, we run it against the SQL database to retrieve our output. Finally, the answer from the SQL query is passed to GP T again to convert it to the conversational format that Dave sees here because we provide schema information within our system prompt. GP T is able to produce queries needing joints across tables. Let's try a different question. Dave was interested in sales numbers for last week. Let us look at the back end. Once more. We follow the same pattern as before where we pass the question to GP T and ask for the appropriate SQL query to answer the question. We find that GP T is able to produce complex queries requiring multiple joints across many tables and is also able to produce queries with dynamic daytime operations. Finally, Dave is interested in understanding more on student friendly laptops and their sales. Unlike Emma Dave has access to both structured and unstructured information. They first ask a general question on which laptop is good for students. We have our answer. We see that Dave is able to get this information from the same source as Emma leveraged for her marketing emails. On the back end, we see that national language question was converted into a search query. This search query is used by Azure search to identify relevant information across multiple documents. And we can see this in the supporting content. Finally, the supporting content is passed to GP T along with the question to get our streamline answer over here. Finally, Dave wants to know how many of these were sold last quarter. We see that GP T was able to pick up the context of what the word these meant through conversation history and gave us the right answer. We also see that David is able to seamlessly go from utilizing search capabilities on unstructured data to utilizing code completion capabilities on structured data without having to change his conversation.