Conversations about data. I actually as a data practitioner made a confession recently in public that I'm tired of the conversation because there is so much hype around it. I think what the brands are looking for is very simple. How do we use this rich behavioral data that has so much potential? How do we use it for strategic application to transform brand experiences? And then how do we also use it for very tactical application? Who is the right audience? What is the right time to reach them? So it's really finding this balance of using data to drive big strategic ideas, content messaging as well as the delivery of that at the right time to the right audiences. Yeah, I mean, I think the industry is divided on kind of the you can say three tracks from three groups, one is and this still exists, believe it or not. I'm not going to name the agencies, they know who they are and they are respectful. Some big big creative thinkers, you can order the data and they will say all of this data is bad, it has a bad influence on the creativity. They are very public and very loud about that topic at the moment. On the other end, there is a school of thought of, you know, the world is going to be run by data and the data and artificial intelligence is going to give us all the answers and you don't need the creatives. And there is that the third, which is in the middle, which is saying, well, it's really hard to do and to work together which nobody, that's one that is the one that you are the easiest to agree with. The challenge is that nobody has figured out what does that mean? So most people will get up there and say no, no, no. It's not about data. It's not about creativity. It's how they work together. That in theory sounds good. But in practice, nobody has figured that out there are a lot of brands who are incredible at optimization, but their businesses are still struggling because that optimization isn't moving the business forward. They're tactically optimizing themselves out of the business. So how did it that that's happening? The optimization of creative is they are doing it ourselves for our clients. But it's not enough. It's also using the data to develop the right content, the right experiences and then tweak it at a 1 to 1 level.Conversations about data. I actually as a data practitioner made a confession recently in public that I'm tired of the conversation because there is so much hype around it. I think what the brands are looking for is very simple. How do we use this rich behavioral data that has so much potential? How do we use it for strategic application to transform brand experiences? And then how do we also use it for very tactical application? Who is the right audience? What is the right time to reach them? So it's really finding this balance of using data to drive big strategic ideas, content messaging as well as the delivery of that at the right time to the right audiences. Yeah, I mean, I think the industry is divided on kind of the you can say three tracks from three groups, one is and this still exists, believe it or not. I'm not going to name the agencies, they know who they are and they are respectful. Some big big creative thinkers, you can order the data and they will say all of this data is bad, it has a bad influence on the creativity. They are very public and very loud about that topic at the moment. On the other end, there is a school of thought of, you know, the world is going to be run by data and the data and artificial intelligence is going to give us all the answers and you don't need the creatives. And there is that the third, which is in the middle, which is saying, well, it's really hard to do and to work together which nobody, that's one that is the one that you are the easiest to agree with. The challenge is that nobody has figured out what does that mean? So most people will get up there and say no, no, no. It's not about data. It's not about creativity. It's how they work together. That in theory sounds good. But in practice, nobody has figured that out there are a lot of brands who are incredible at optimization, but their businesses are still struggling because that optimization isn't moving the business forward. They're tactically optimizing themselves out of the business. So how did it that that's happening? The optimization of creative is they are doing it ourselves for our clients. But it's not enough. It's also using the data to develop the right content, the right experiences and then tweak it at a 1 to 1 level.