As I think about marketing, I think we're really entering a a very interesting time. It's been 2025 years now of digital marketing, but the era that we're entering to really combines video. So sight, sound and motion with analytics data with a global audience, with the generation that's been raised on iPhones. So I think we're really coming to a a period where marketing sales and post purchase really come together in a new and interesting way. So what we're seeing in the agents environment is that clients are realizing that there's a lot of differentiation between the work. The work is not just creative work, but also media work, data and strategy work all coming together to work on their behalf. We're seeing budgets go up because the types of people needed to deliver these into interdisciplinary. Ideas are very rare, and so they're getting paid more. The clients are realizing it's differentiating them and so they're willing to pay more. So we're really moving into a new era of marketing right now. Omnicom is brought together to bring together a series of marketing companies, whether they're PR healthcare specialists above the line, traditional style agencies, digital agencies, strategy groups, data groups and media buying many, many others to be a holistic view of what are a consumer or actually really a brands. Marketing needs are. I've become as a really large company, we have over 200 different brands and so we are constantly working on communicating our capabilities not only internally, but also externally to our brands. At Omnicom, we spend 10s of millions of dollars on education programs on bringing people together to share ideas, to come to places like Conda. To show the work to get awarded for the work, and to make those connections between people because ultimately it real. As much as its tools and technology, it's really people that come up with great, innovative, innovative ideas that breakthrough and make a difference. So customer centrism is something that has been at the core of what we at Omnicom have been doing for about 25 years. If you think about it, if marketing is about the right message to the right person at the right time on the right device, we've become very, very good on the media and analytics side of the equation. So the right person, the right device at the right time. What we really need to work on is the right message and then making that message finely tuned for, say, customized for the consumer so that we bring all those things together to create a holistic experience that's personalized and customized for the consumer. 