Hey friends, for over 30 years, banks, governments, manufacturers and other industries have relied on Microsoft integration technologies such as host integration server to access and work with data on their mid range and mainframe systems. Now you can add Azure logic apps to your list of options for solving your mission critical integration needs. Harold Campos is here to show me how it works. Today on Azure Friday. Hey friends, I'm Scott Hanselman and it's Azure Friday. Today I'm chatting with Harold Campos who's gonna talk to me about cloud native capabilities integrating with mainframe and mid ranges. How are you Sir? 

I'm good. I'm good. How? Are you Scott all good? 

I am you're. You're scratching a neuron in my brain that I haven't thought about in many, many years. I did a lot of mainframe work at both Nike and a bunch of banks. I did a ton of integration work throughout the 90s and during the. The Y2K. Stuff working in banks, so this is very exciting that we're still keeping these mainframes chugging and bringing them to the cloud. 

Yes it is. It is Scott. And mainframes are still around. We have to work with them as part of the mission critical scenarios for. 

Customers. Yeah, I understand that a huge amount of. People are putting their data on mainframes, they're still out there. Mainframes exist, they're not old and legacy. They are fundamental to so many businesses. So when the world moved to the cloud. Mainframes came for the. 

You're you are correct. So. Let me let me show you a little bit. About the evolution of the mainframes. Over over the last 70. Years so mainframe they started around 1950 and they've been evolving the hardware and the networking has been evolving from what you used to. Have you know? Back in the day to what? What you have today, but basically at its core mainframes remain the same. So on the inside the applications, they are left mostly untouched, which poses the challenges because there is a lot of data and a lot of mission critical systems being hosted. In those devices, despite their modernization, it is estimated that there are trillions of dollars that were invested back in the day in SA and SA applications, which was the the the predecessor of TCP IP, right? That's applications were linked to the way how protocols work, as you know. So the. They are still around and and they represent they represent the. How can I say this one of these situations that customers they have to deal with is on on a daily basis, mission critical customers like? Banks, as you said. Now, while we've been working on over. The last few years is that. We've been. Do you remember host integration servers but. 

Oh my goodness host. Integration server. I want to say 9394 we would use that to talk to all kinds of big iron. 

So well, we still have host integration server, we support the product, we have it, the core version is host integration Server 2020. But what we've been doing over the last five years is we've been introducing these core technologies of integration that host integration server has to logic apps. So now the majority of the capabilities that you have in. Azure logic apps in host integration server. They are now available in logic apps via logic apps connectors. There is a there is. There's been efforts to to support our customers in the mainframe modernization space. There are different approaches for mainframe modernization. There is lift and shift code conversion, extension of capabilities and rewriting this. And on top of this, what there are other patterns and we've been learning from customers that customers are really pursuing or they are asking for help on managing their dependencies because it's not just about migrating the mainframe. It's not just about migrating the application. But what happens? What is with? What is left behind on premises? Right? You still have to deal with those systems. Or how is it that you interact with what you modernize? To the cloud. So for those. Scenarios is where we have logic apps and host integration server. The host integration, server capabilities that allow customers to continue using these legacy. Assets in the in what is left from the mainframe or the dependencies from the mainframe that has been migrated to the cloud to Azure? And and I think I think something that is worth mentioning is that if we see this from a cloud perspective, we have a workflow, a logic apps workflow which which has a different type, different types of connectors that allow integration with different types of systems. On premises in the cloud, making a hybrid. Architecture but we. Also, have all of these connectors, these legacy integration connectors, mainframe and manages integration connectors like IBM MQ host files 30 to 70 to interact with green screens, CICS systems, DV2 databases, IMS transaction manager and IMS. A database which is a hierarchical. Database so. If you see the word. From my, from my cloud perspective and and the enablement to bring the cloud and additional scenarios with software that allows us to enable and empower all of these scenarios that today we have like for instance dealing with terminals or printers or ATMs every time that you. Go to an ATM. You are likely using host integration server and to to interact with the mainframe and also the capabilities that that you can gain if you continue modernizing these workloads with any of our partners. So then logic apps becomes the. The product for for for high. Integration for Legacy main flips and and miss ranges. And and let me. 

Show you. 

Yeah, go ahead. 

Well, if I may, one thing I want to comment on is that with Azure logic apps, you know you. Have these wonderful. Lego blocks and you know, I like to think about it in the modern world, there's like BLOB storage and HTTP, and you can go and do these things. And you you then start adding in other things like service bus and file systems. All of those pieces that Azure provides are available to you. In a workflow. Why shouldn't your big iron be available to you as well? I should be able to call a mainframe and put something in storage and make an HTTP call and they're all peers in that wonderful logic apps workflow, and it sounds like that's what. You're making possible. 

Absolutely, absolutely. And on top of HTTP, you know it. I think I. Think what sometimes is is a bit of a challenge to. Explain to to to. To to folks, is that a mainframe is not only server, right? A mainframe is really an ecosystem. You know you host applications, you host data, you host messaging systems, right? So then integrating with them. It's it's it's, it's it's and then they have to see holistically. Different angles and different protocols and different approaches and patterns and technologies. So let me. Show you a little bit of what we have today with with as we got logic apps on our mainframe and mid ranges connectors. 

Yeah, let's do it. 

Let me let me open the the portal. OK. So in the portal, hello to my logic app. I have a logic app that is called modified here right. One important aspect to mention is to set up this logic app to to to have the VNET integration capability. Because you definitely want your mainstream not to be exposed. So you you want to use a vnet, a virtual network to to to interact with. Your mainframe and. Then open the right boards and and and. To make sure. That you have access to the right. Facilities in the mainframe. This workflow that I have here consolidates all of our connectors. It has all. Of the connectors that. We have available for maintenance and we have the. In this amount. So this is a fairly work and it has. The ability to integrate with using 3270, which is a protocol that was created to work with the screens. The screen screens that you are very familiar with, right? The V2 connector that uses a TCP connectivity to get into a DB2 database, host files offline. Connector which is a connector. Have parser of binary files. And we'll see how it works. We have a connector for IMS systems, IMS. On the older systems around it was built for the Apollo mission back in 1966. You have the CICS connector for a system system, the CICS system who was born in 1968, and you have also an MQ connector. So then all of these connectors they are available. With logic apps, so they now with logic apps you can integrate all of these different different type of systems from our workflow and and and to be honest, I think I think this is something that the team has been working very hard and and and we are so happy with the outcome because in the. End it allows. The two mission critical integration with its legacy. A couple of things to add before before running this short demo. Is that for some of the connectors that you have that I just presented, you have to create a definition that is based in called copy book copy book files, which are basically a representation of the COBOL programs that. Represent the parameters of each one of the of these legacy programs, like instance for CICS, we require one for IMS we require another another type right for the data structure we require another another structure which. We available we. In Visual Studio we can create a mirror of this structure using Visual Studio. And in a. In a file that we call Hide X host integration definition XML file that basically represents you know your. Your your binary file, your binary structure, or your common copy book in the name. So then once you have to find all of this, so then the other thing that you have to to have available is access to the system. So you have to enable the right protocols and and you have to be able to. To integrate with this system via the core protocols, either HTTP or SNA, of ripping whatever is you by by your system. Now let me go back to them then. What? What is going to happen is that I'm going to upload a file which is a binary file from from my machine I will cross from the file and this is a data set that I created that typically is generated by. In in, in. The mainframe, right? And then what? It's going to happen is that this workflow will read the binary date of this file. Pass it to to some. Of these connectors and then you will. Trigger some of these activities in this workflow. I go to overview. And then then I go to run history. We'll see that this workflow is running here. Then I'm going to put into the detail of the workflow to see how. Is it doing? And then and then we'll see something, something. Very important here. Right. So. Has been completed the call out to the IMS program to 0.2 seconds and and this is a call from the cloud. So it went to the, it went from from the logic app to the mainframe. It did some data extraction executed in method and it returned the value of 777.12 right which is what the. Basically, the outcome of the mainframe program, the thing happened with the CIC system. I have another problem that does the same. He returns the same amount and and also I was able to send the key to this MQ system that resides the mainstream right and I send the back and then I have the the body the response. Of this data that I was that I sent and a couple of things to add is that the the the data that I sent was binary and then it was successfully parsed by this parser using the outcome here you see that this is the data and this is the data that I wanted to show you here. Just just give me one second. You see that? 

It's so cool to see the terminal. I haven't thought about these in a long time, but they they reminder that they're out there and that they're they're producing and holding such important data. 

Yes it is. It is it. And and let me let me show you something real quick. It's just. It's just taking some time. So I'll. I'll go to my data set, this one that I exported. And I'm going to pause it, right. And then you'll see that it has two records. So these two records that I have in the file as. The two records. That have been. Parsed that data that you saw with. Binary data and that binary data was basically. Parse why these post fires connected and just to finish, so we are executing a query. We are getting this is a select from a table the same and we are executing for 30 to 70 navigation plan which is basically what we call. Screen it's a set of screens that that have a. Sequence and for you. To get to a particular result, you. Have to create a navigation that mimics all of the sequence of these screens using a tool that is called the 32. 70 tool or. 3T. With this tool you are able to create a sequence of screens and once you have to find the screens and this navigation. Pane will take. This is fantastic for robotic process automation scenarios and that is what happens. So that's the reason why it took longer because you have to do computation in the cloud and on the mainframe and that's what I want to show you. This is basically, you know to summarize some of the capabilities that we have today in logic. To integrate with these legacy systems. 

There's so many different connectors, there's so many ways to talk to so many different databases over so many different protocols. Like you said, it's really an on ramp into an ecosystem. And what's so important about this and what I think we want people to understand is that once you get it into logic apps, once you get it into Azure, then you can join the other ecosystem which is the Azure ecosystem. Data lakes and data. You know, logging, management, analysis, all of that work. Once you can bring those two ecosystems together with logic apps and integration server as the bridge, you can really do some cool solutions very quickly. 

Exactly. Exactly. You're spot on, Scott. And and and the fact that this is the result of work that was conducted by, I think for the last 30 years, I think it's because it is not new technology, right? I mean the work that we've done and that we have running on this mission critical customers for so long speak speak because. Customers, they are still integration, right? 

Very cool. Yeah. Those core capabilities that have been around that have been reliable and been used in host integration server now brought to logic apps. It's peanut butter and chocolate together my two favorite. 

You know why? 

Things very cool. Thank you so much. Harold Campos, for showing me about this, this new stuff. 

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 

All right, I'm learning all about Azure logic apps, bringing those cloud native capabilities to integrate our mainframes in our mid ranges today on Azure Friday. Hey, thanks for watching this episode of Azure Friday. Now I need you to like it, comment on it, tell your friends, retweet it, watch more as your Friday. 

 