When I was young, my family lived overseas. I lived in Indonesia for a few years and my mother, she didn't have the money to send me where all the American kids went to school. But she thought it was important for me to keep up with an American education. So she decided to teach me extra lessons herself. Monday through Friday, but because she had to go to work, the only time she could do it was at 4:30 in the morning. But whenever I'd complain, my mother would just give me one of those looks and she'd say this is no picnic. For me, either Buster. So I know that some of you are still adjusting to being back at school, but I'm here today because I have something important to discuss with you. My father left my family when I was two years old and I was raised by a single mom who had to work and who struggled at times to pay the bills and wasn't always able to give us. The things that other kids have. There were times when I missed having a father in my life. There were times when I was lonely and I. Felt like I didn't fit in. So I wasn't always as focused as I should have been on school, and I did some things that I'm not proud of and I got in more trouble than I should have. And my life could have easily taken. A turn for the worse. But I was. I was lucky. I got a lot of second chances and I had the opportunity to go to college and law school and follow my dreams. My wife, our first lady, Michelle Obama, she has a similar story. Neither of her parents had gone to college, and they didn't have a. Lot of money. But they worked hard. And she worked hard so that she could go to the best schools. In this country. Some of you might not have those advantages. Maybe you don't have adults in your life who give you. The support that you need. Maybe someone in your family has lost. Their job and. There's not enough money to go around. Maybe you live in a. Neighborhood where you don't feel safe. Or have friends. We're pressuring you to do things you. Know aren't right. Maybe you could be a? Great writer, maybe even good enough to. Write a book. Articles in the newspaper, but you might not know it until you write that English paper that English class paper that's assigned to you. Maybe you could be an innovator or an inventor, maybe even good enough to come up with the next iPhone or the new medicine or vaccine. But you might not know it until you do your project for your science class. Maybe you could be a mayor or a senator or a Supreme Court Justice, but you might not know that until you join student government or the debate team. And no matter what you want to do. With your life. I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it. You want to be a doctor or a teacher or a police officer. You want to be a nurse or an architect, a lawyer or a member of our military. You're going to need a good education for every single one of those careers. You cannot drop out of school and just drop into a good job. You've got to train for it and work for it and learn for it. And this isn't. Just important for your own life and. Your own future. What you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country, the future of America depends on you. While you're learning in school, today will determine whether we as a nation can meet our greatest challenges in the future. You'll need the knowledge and problem solving skills you learn in science and math to cure diseases like cancer and AIDS, and to develop new energy technologies and protect our environment. You'll need the insights and critical thinking skills you gain in history and social studies to fight poverty and homelessness, crime and discrimination, and make our nation more fair and more free. You'll need the creativity and ingenuity you develop in all your classes to build new companies. They'll create new jobs and boost our economy. We need every single. One of you? To develop your talents and your skills and your intellect so you can help us all folks solve our most difficult problems. If you don't do that. If you quit on school. You're not just quitting on yourself. You're quitting on your country. I know it's not always easy to do well in school I. Know a lot. Of you have challenges in your lives right now. They can make it hard to. Focus on your schoolwork. I get it. I know what it's like. But at the end. Of the day. The circumstances of your life, what you look like, where you come from, how much money you have, where you've got going on at home. None of that is an excuse for neglecting your homework or having a bad attitude in school. That's no excuse for talking back to your teacher or cutting class, or dropping out of school. There is no excuse. For not trying. Where you are right now doesn't have to determine. Where you'll end up. No one's written your destiny for you because here in America, you write your own destiny. You make your own future. That's what young people like you are doing every day, all across America. That's why today I'm calling on each of you to set your own goals for your education and do everything you can to meet the. Your goal can be something as simple as. Doing all your homework. Paying attention in class or spending some time each day. Reading a book. Maybe you'll decide to get involved in an extracurricular activity or volunteer in your community. Maybe you'll decide to stand up for kids who are being teased or bullied because of who they are or how they look. Because you believe, like I do, that all young people deserve a safe environment to study and learn. Maybe you'll decide to take better care of yourself so you can be more ready to learn. But whatever you resolve to do I want. You to commit to it. I want you to really work at. I know that sometimes you get that sense from TV that you can be rich and successful without any hard work, that your ticket to success is through rapping or basketball or being a reality TV star. Chances are you're not. Going to be any of those things. The truth is, being successful is hard. You won't love every subject that you study. You won't click with every teacher that you have. Not every homework assignment will seem completely relevant to your life right at this minute, and you won't necessarily succeed in everything the first time you try. That's OK. Some of the most successful people. In the world are the. Ones who've had the most failures. JK Wallace. Who wrote Harry Potter? Her first Harry Potter book was rejected 12. Times before it was finally published. Michael Jordan was cut from his high school basketball team. He lost hundreds of games and misses thousands of shots during his career, but he once said I have failed over and over and over again in my life and that's why I succeed. These people succeeded because they understood that you can't let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you. You have to let them show you what to do differently the next time, so if you get into trouble, that doesn't mean you're a troublemaker. It means you need to try harder to act, right? If you get a bad grade, that doesn't mean you're stupid. It just means you need to. Spend more time studying. No one's born being good at all. Things. You become good at things through hard work. You're not a varsity athlete the first time you play a new sport. You don't hit every note the first time you sing a song. You've got to practice. The same principle applies to your schoolwork. 

Thank you. 

You might have to do a math problem a few times before you get it right. You might have to read something a few. Times before you. Understand it. You definitely have to do a few drafts of a paper before it's good enough to hand in. Don't be afraid to ask questions. Don't be afraid to ask for help when you need it. I do that every day. Asking for help isn't a sign of weakness. It's a sign of strength because. It shows you. Have the courage to admit when you don't know something, and that then allows you to learn something new. So find an adult that you trust, a parent, a grandparent, or a teacher, a coach or a counselor and ask them to help you stay on track to meet your goals. And even when you're struggling, even when you're discouraged and you feel like other people have given up on you, don't ever give up on yourself. Because when you give up on yourself, you give up on your country. The story of America isn't about people who quit when things got tough. It's about people who kept going, who tried harder, who loved their country too much to do anything less than their best. It's the story of students who sat where you sit 250 years ago and went on to wage a revolution, and they founded this nation, young people. Students who sat where you sit 75 years ago, who overcame a depression and won. A World War. Who fought for civil rights and put a man on the moon? Students who sat where you sit 20 years ago, who founded Google and Twitter and Facebook and changed the way we. Communicate with each other. So today I want to ask all of you what's your contribution going to be? What problems are you going to solve? What discoveries will you make? What will a president who comes here in 20 or 50 or 100 years say about what? All? Of you did for this country. Now your families, your teachers and I are doing everything we can to make sure you have the education you need to answer these questions. I'm working hard to fix up your classrooms and get you the books and the equipment and. The computers you need to learn. But you've got to do your part too. So I expect all of you to get serious this year. Expect you to put your best effort into everything you do. I expect great things from each of you. So don't let us down. Don't let your family down or your country down. Most of all, don't let yourself down. Make us all proud. 

 