Ton of conversations about data. I actually as a data practitioner made a confession recently in public that I'm tired of the conversations because there's so much hype around it. I think what the brands are looking for is very simple. How do we use this rich behavioral data that has so much potential? How do we use it for strategic? Applications to transform brand experiences, and then how do we also use it for very tactical applications with the right audience? What is the right time to reach them? So it's really finding this balance of using data to drive big strategic ideas. Content messaging as well as the. Delivery of that at the right time to the. Right. Audiences. Yeah. I mean, I think. The industry is divided. On kind of the the. You can say 3 tracks or three groups one. Is and this still exists. Believe it or not, I'm not going to name the agencies. They know who they. Are and they're respectful. Some big, big creative thinkers ignore the data and they'll say all this data is bad. It has a bad influence on the creativity they're they're very public and very loud about that topic. Moment on the other end there is. A school of thought. Of you know, the world is going to be run by data and the data and. Artificial intelligence is going to give us. All the answers and you don't need the creatives and there. Is that? The third, which is in the middle, which is saying well. It's really how to work. Together, which nobody. That's one. That that is the one that's you're the. Easiest to agree. With the challenge is that nobody has figured out what. Does that mean so most? People will get up there and saying, well, no, no, no, it's not about data. It's not about creativity, it's how they work together. That in theory sounds good, but in practice nobody has figured that out. There are a lot of brands who are incredible at optimization, but their businesses are still struggling because their optimization isn't moving the business forward. It's they're tactically optimizing themselves out of the business. So hard to disagree with that that's happening. The optimization of creative is we're doing it ourselves for our clients, but it's not enough. It's it's also using the data to develop the right content, the right experiences, and then tweak it at A1 to. One level.