Hey friends, for over 30 years Banks governments manufacturers and other Industries have relied on Microsoft integration technology such as host integration server to access and work with data on their mid-range and Mainframe systems. Now, you can add Azure logic apps to your list of options for solving your mission critical integration needs Harold compost is here to show me how it works today on Azure Friday. Hey friends, I'm Scott Hanselman. And it's Azure Friday today. I'm chatting with Harold compost who's going to talk to me about Cloud native capabilities integrating with Mainframe and mid-ranges. How are you, sir?I'm good. I'm good. How are you? Scott a little bit. I am your your scratching a neuron in my brain that I haven't thought about in many many years. I did a lot of Mainframe work at both Nike and a bunch of banks. I did a ton of integration work throughout the 90s and during the Y2K stuff working in Banks. So this is very exciting that we're still keeping these mainframes chugging and bringing them to the

cloud. Yes, it is. It is Scott and men from sari still around we have to work with them as part of the mission critical scenario for customers.Yeah, I understand that a huge amount of people are putting their data on mainframes. They're still out there mainframes exist. They're not old and Legacy. They are fundamental to so many businesses. So when the world moved to the cloud mainframes came for the ride. You are correct. So, let me let me show you a little bit about the evolution of the mainframes of over the last 70 years. So mainframes, they started around 1950 and they being evolving the hardware on the networking has been evolving.From what you used to have, you know back in the day to what what you have today, but basically at its score mainframes remain the same so on the inside the applications, they are left and mostly untouched which poses a challenges because there is a lot of data and a lot of mission critical systems being hosted. in in those devices despite their modernization It is estimated that there are trillions of dollars that were invested back in the day in sna and sna applications, which was the the predecessor of tcp/ip. Right that's applications were linked to the way how protocols work as you know, so then they are still around and and they represent the represented.How can I say this one of these situations that customers they have to deal with this on a daily basis Mission critical customers like Banks as you say. Now we're living working on over the last few years. Is that weaving in do you remember host integration servers, but oh my goodness host integration server. I want to say 93 94 we would use that to talk to all kinds of Big Iron. So well, we still have false integration server. We support the product we have it the conversion is host integration server 2020, but what we've been doing over the last five years is living introducing these core Technologies of integration that whole integration server has to to logic apps. So now the majority of the capabilities that you have in your logic apps in host Integrations every day are now available in logic apps via logic apps connectors.There is a there is there has been efforts to to support our customers in their Mainframe organization space. There are different approaches for Mainframe modernization. There is lift and shift code conversion extension of capabilities and rewriting these main systems. And on top of these what there are other patterns and within learning from customers that customers are really pursuing or they are asking for help on managing the dependencies because it's not just about migrating the Mainframe. It's not just about my great in the application. But what happens what is with what is Left Behind on premises right? You still have to

deal with those systems or how is it that you interact with? What you want nice to the cloud. So for those scenarioses where we have a logic apps and host integration server the host Innovations every capabilities that allow customers to continue using these Legacy Assets in the in what?From the Mainframe or the dependencies from the mainstream that has been migrated to the cloud to assure. And and I think I think is something that is worth mentioning is that if we see these from my cloud perspective, we have a workflow a logic apps workflow which which has a different type different types of connectors that allowed integration with different types of systems on premises in the cloud making a hybrid. Architecture, but we also have all of these connectors these Legacy integration connectors Mainframe and mutations integration connectors like IBM mq host files 3270 to interact with green screens CICS systems db2 databases IMS a transaction manager and IMS database, which is a hierarchical database.So if you see the word from my from a cloud perspective and enablement that brings the cloud and additional scenarios with software that allows to enable and Empower all of these six scenarios that today we have like for instance dealing with Terminus or printers or ATMs every time that you go to an ATM. You are likely using host integration sir, and to interact with the main show and also the capabilities that that you can gain if you continue or Nice in this workloads with any of our partnersSo then logic apps becomes the the product for for hiding integration for legacy the mainframes and misranges and let me show you yeah, go ahead. Well, if I may one thing I want to comment on is that with Azure logic apps, you know, you have these wonderful Lego blocks and you know, I like to think about it in the modern world. There's like blob storage and HTTP and you can go and do these things and you you then start adding in other things like service bus and file systems all of those pieces that Azure provides are available to you in a workflow. Why shouldn't your big Iron be available to you as well? I should be able to call a Mainframe and put something in storage and make an HTTP call and they're all peers in that wonderful logic apps workflow and it sounds like that's what you're making possible. Absolutely. Absolutely. I don't know HTTP, you know you I think I think what sometimes he's he's a beautiful challenge to explain toTo to focuses that a Mainframe is not only a server right? I mean for me is really an ecosystem. You know, you host applications you host data. You host messages systems, right? So then integrating with them, it's it's it's it's it's and then they have to see holistically. Okay, different angles and different protocols

and different approaches and patterns something knowledge. So let me show you a little bit of what we have today with with.Absolutely logic apps and our Mainframe and mid-range is connectors. Yeah, let's do it. Let me let me open the the portal. Okay. So in the portal I go to my logic app. I have a logical that is called launcher Friday here right one important aspect to mention it as to set up this logic app to to have the vnet integration capability enabled because you definitely want your main frame not to be exposed. So you want to use a vignette a virtual Network to interact with your Mainframe and then open the right words and and to make sure that you have access to the right facilities in the Mainframe.This workflow that I have here consolidates all of our connectors. You have all of the connectors that we have available for mainframes and Middle Ages integration. We have let me give me this amount. so this is a fairly simple work and it has The ability to integrate with using 3270 which is a protocol that was created to work with a screens the Ministries that you are very familiar with right the db2 connector that uses TCP connectivity to get into the db2 data race host files offline connector, which is a connector that has parser that of binary files and we'll see how it works. We have a connector for IMS systems image from one of the oldest systems around it was with for the Apollo Mission back in 1966. You have the CICS connector for a system system the CICS system who was born in 1968 and you have also and NQ connector, so then all of these connectors they are available with logic apps. So they now with logic apps. You can integrate all of these different systems from our workflow and and to be honest, I think.I think this is something that the team has been working very hard and and we are so happy with the outcome because in the end it allows. the two Mission critical integration with this Legacy systems a couple of things to add before before running this short demo is that for some of the connectors that you have that I just presented you have to create a definition that is wasting we'll copybook copy book files which are basically a representation of the cobal programs that represent the parameters of each one of the of these Legacy programs that reason for CICS. We require one where IMS. We require another type right for a date structure. We require another structure which we available. We in Visual Studio, we can create a mirror of these structure using visual studio and you know in a file that we call hid horse integration definition XML file, but basically represent, you know, your your binary file your binary structure your people in theIn ancient, so then once you have to find all of these so then the other thing that you have to to have availably

success to the system, so you have enable the right protocols and and you have to be able to to integrate with with this system. We are the control protocols either HTTP or sna over IP. Whatever is you by your system. Now, let me go back to the demo. Then what what is going to happen is that I'm going to upload a file which is a binary file from from my machine. I will rot 45 and this is a data set that I created that typically is generated by in the Mainframe. Right? And then what it's going to happen is that this workflow we read the binary date of this fight and we'll pass it to to some of these connectors and then you figure some of these activities in this workflow if I go to overview and thenThen I go to run history. We'll see that this workflow is running here. Then I'm going to hit the detail of the workflow to see how is it doing? And then and they will see something something very important here, right? So This has been completed the color to the IMs program to 0.2 seconds. And this is a call from the cloud. So it went to the he went from from the logic app to the Mainframe. He did something data extraction. It executed a metal and it return the value of 77.12. Right which is what the basically the outcome of the Mainframe program. This thing happened with the cicass system. I have another problem that does the same it Returns the same amount and also I was able to send the team to these mq system that recites the Mainframe, right? And I think the Blackberry and then I have the body the response of these data around that I wasn't that I sent and a couple of things to add is that the data that I send was binary and then you passed by these parser, right? You see the outcome here. You see that this is a data and this is a data. I wanted to to show you here. Just one second.you see that I It's so cool to see the terminal. I haven't thought about these in a long time, but the Deep reminder that they're out there and that they're they're producing and holding such important data. Yes, it is easy. And and let me let me show you something real quick. It's justUm, it's just taking some time. So I'll I'll go to my data set this one that I exported. And I'm going to press it. right and you will see that it has to record. So these two records that I hadn't file as the two records are having parts that data that you saw was binary data and that binary data was basically Parts by these post-fines connected just to finish so we are executing a DVD weary. We're getting this is a select from a table TV the same engine and we are executing for 3270 a navigation plan, which is basically what we call and if it's clean. It's a set of a screens that that have a sequence and for you to get to a party first, you have to create a navigation that mimics all of the sequence of thesis, please using a

tool that is called the 3272 or 3D. We these two you are able to create a sequence of a screen and you find the screen then this navigation plan will take you. This is fantastic for robotic process automScenarios and that is what happened. So that's the reason why it took longer because you have to do computation in the cloud and on the Mainframe and that's what I want to show you. This is basically, you know to summarize some of the capabilities that we have today in logic apps to integrate with this Legacy systems. There's so many different connectors. There's so many ways to talk to so many different databases over so many different protocols. Like you said, it's really a on-ramp into an ecosystem and what's so important about this and what I think we want people to understand is that once you get it into logic apps. Once you get it into Azure, then you can join the other ecosystem which is the Azure ecosystem data lakes and data, you know, logging management analysis all of that work. Once you can bring those two ecosystems together with logic apps and integration server as the bridge you can really do some cool Solutions very quickly.Exactly exactly your spot on Scott and and the fact that this is the result of work that was conducted by a team for the last 30 years. I think even more because this is not new technology, right? I mean the work that we've done and that we have running on this Mission critical customers for solo I speak speak because the customers are still integration right? Very cool. Yeah, those core capabilities that have been around that have been reliable and been used in host integration server now brought to logic apps. It's peanut butter and chocolate together my two favorite things very cool. Thank you so much Harold compost for showing me about this this new stuff.Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. I am learning all about Azure logic apps bringing those Cloud native capabilities to integrate our mainframes in our mid-ranges today on Azure Friday. Hey, thanks for watching this episode of azure Friday. Now, I need you to like it comment on it. Tell your friends retweet it. Watch more as your Friday.