The protagonist of the show is Elliot Alderson a socially awkward and depressed cyber security engineer from New York City at first glance. His life is pretty boring his daily routine consists of going to his workplace attack company called allsafe avoiding interaction with people and coming back home. However, when it becomes night Elliot turns into one of the most interesting people on Earth using his Advanced cybersecurity skills. He has become some sort of vigilante no matter how secure or complex a data encryption is Elliot will find a way to hack it. He doesn't do it for fun. He just wants to bring Justice to those who need it one day. He enters a coffee shop and sits next to the rich owner of the place Rohit at first he is a normal conversation and talks about the impressive Wi-Fi installed there. However, a few minutes later he changes his attitude and starts explaining why he's actually there Elliot reveals that he hacked into rohit's Network and found out about his child pornography rang. There were hundreds and thousands of gut-wrenching videos, which Rohit apparently sells to his customers for money ell.Also mentions that he has copied all of the data and files meaning that Rohit has no means of Escape hearing all this Rohit becomes worried, but he claims that Elliot cannot inform the cops as hacking into one system is also a crime to his dismay the latter reveals that he actually contacted the police right before he entered the shop via an untraceable number this shows that Elliot always plans his moves in advance Rohit who at this point has become very scared offers him money to reconsider, but Elliott's straightforwardly rejects it claiming that he doesn't care about money soon the cops arrive and arrest Rohit the following day. We see how a socially awkward Elliot manages himself and they all safe office. He tries avoiding just about everyone including his boss Gideon and remains glued to his computer all the time, but there is one co-worker. He loves talking to Angela. It's revealed that the two are childhood friends and have been very close for years Elliott has a crush on her, but he can't express his feelings because she already has a boyfriend after work Elliot meets his therapist Krista Gordon. We get to know that he meetsAt least three times a week to help cure his depression as expected Eliot has hacked into her personal details and knows everything about her for instance. She is currently dating a middle-aged guy named Michael Elliot appears to care for Krista. So he tried to hack Michael's details to know him better. But even after hours of searching on the internet, he couldn't find anything. Meanwhile as part of the counseling session. Krista asks him several questions, but Elliot owing to his awkwardness doesn't reply much as a matter

of fact, the therapy isn't helping him at all at home. He usually has bouts of panic attacks which make him want to commit the unthinkable and since he has no friends or family. The only way Elliott keeps himself sane is by ingesting high strength morphine here. It is revealed that his father died of leukemia due to radiation exposure while his abusive mother left him at a very young age the following day as Elliott is busy with work at his office some Executives from a giant tech company ecorp or as Eliot calls them evil Corp arrive Eliot despises the company Because he believes that they are greedy money Grabbers who don't care aboutTumors at all. However, sadly for him evil Corp is currently funding his company all safe. Just then the vice president Tech officer of evil Corp, Tyrell approaches him and starts chatting over their shared interest in Linux after work Elliot returns home and carries out his routine of ingesting morphine shortly after he is scrolling through his therapist Krista's photos when he learns that her boyfriend Michael has finally created his social media account this gives Elliot an idea early the next morning Elliot pretends to be a stranger and approaches Michael. He then borrows his phone on the pretext of calling his mother. However, he calls his own number to obtain Michael's phone number after the work is done. He deletes the call history and Returns the phone on his way home. He suddenly receives a call from his colleague Angela informing him that evil corpse server has been deed ass attacked deep down inside Elliot is happy and wishes that more damage would be done. But when Angela requests that he come over to help he immediately obliges on reaching the office another co-worker briefs the situation he reveals that the DDOS attack is the worst. They have ever come across.Despite trying every single remedy. It won't go away wasting no time Elliot checks into the system and learns that the attack is actually taking place from multiple locations moreover. It is not a DDOS attack but a root can that is causing Mayhem. Now, the only way to get rid of it is by going offline and terminating all the viruses Elliot's boss. Gideon is skeptical about the idea as it may result in further damages to the system. But since there are no other Solutions, he agrees to it the next morning Gideon and Elliot fly to their Data Center and begin the recovery at first Elliott redirects traffic to another server and then reboots the situation the plan works and the servers are finally out of danger later when Elliot is going through the encrypted files. He notices something strange. He finds a text file named F society that says leave me here Elliot realizes that the file was meant to be found by him. So he decides against deleting it instead. He hides it inside evil corpse server. So that only he can access it later in the next scene as Elliot is returning home via the subway a strange man named Mr. Rob.Approaches him. He asks Elliot to exit the train and meet him outside for a chat. But only if he hasn't deleted the text file hearing this Eliot realizes that Mr. Robot is from fsociety the same organization that attacked evil Corps server, hence, he quickly exits the train and follows the man after a bit of small talk Mr. Robot takes Elliot to their workplace on Coney Island, which apparently is a basement like room with several computers unlike other hacking organizations Mr. Robot reveals that here everyone has to meet physically and do things together. Elliott says screw you man, you know, how many places offer work from home these days later after returning home Elliot immediately logs onto his computer and tries finding out more about Mr. Robot and F Society but it appears as if they are ghosts. There is literally not a single piece of information about them the following day and Intrigue Deli at returns to Coney Island and chats with Mr. Robot. The latter Reveals His plan to hack into giant servers wipe out all of the World's dad and distribute wealth evenly among the population in short. He wants to start a financial meltdown and bring down the disparity betweenThe rich and the poor Mr. Robot further reveals that he targeted Eliot because of his vast cyber hacking skills and also because he has access to evil Corp. It turns out that evil Corp owns a whopping 70% of the world's credit industry Eliot is caught between two minds as he wants to help those in debt, but at the same time he also believes that robbing the rich of their hard-earned money is wrong. He mentions that he will think about it. But before departing Mr. Robot assigns him a task, all he has to do is log into evil corpse server modify the text file from earlier and enter the IP address of Terry Colby the CTO of evil Corp that

night it confused Elliott changes the IP address and puts the records into a file. However, he decides against submitting it to the authorities. He hates Terry Colby, but he doesn't want him to go down this way the next day at work Elliot his colleagues the FBI and the executives from Evil Corp are having a meeting about the Cyber attack. Angela is doing her best to brief the situation, but the Arrogant Colby ignores her and tells her to leave the meeting this enrages Eliot. So he eventually decides toThe file over to the FBI after the incident several days passed by but the news of Colby's arrest has not appeared moreover Mr. Robot and his F Society have become Anonymous prompting Elliot to believe that he was tricked with nothing else to do. He decides to toy with Trish's boyfriend Michael. He calls him pretending to be his bank officer and extracts important details like his dog's name favorite things and so on using the information he easily hacks into Michael's accounts and learns that he is cheating on Trisha with several women some of whom are underaged that night Elliot confronts Michael and reveals that he knows everything. He then blackmails him to come clean with Tricia or else he will inform the police left with no choice Michael obliges and thus their relationship comes to an end a few weeks later at work the news of evil corpse. CTO. Colby's arrest is finally shown this makes Elliot realize that Mr. Robot and his vision are actually trustworthy later as he is walking down the busy street a group of suited men force him into a car and take him away soon. They reach in office where several men areWaiting for him. One of them is evil Corp VP Tech officer that he met earlier Tyrell. It turns out that he has become the interim CTO of the company after Colby's arrest Tyrell gets straight to the point and offers Elliot the position of head of cybersecurity at evil Corp, which would make him a millionaire in months. However, after thinking for a while Elliot politely declines claiming that he is content with his current work that night he logs into his computer and tries hacking tyrell's database surprisingly. The new CEO of evilcorp doesn't even use two step authentication and Elliot easily gets access to his emails. He Scrolls through it, but finds nothing other than family photos. This is when it strikes Elliot that Tyrell wanted him to hack his database all along, hence. He disconnects his computer turns off the router and burns the memory cards to stay Anonymous the next day at work Gideon summons Elliot to his office and displays a recent video released by The Cyber hacking group F Society in the video an anonymous person in a mask takes responsibility for the recent attack on evil core and demands the release of Colby heThreatens the major credit organizations to dissolve their assets and to distribute them evenly among charity organizations failure to comply will result in these major organizations getting hacked seeing the video Eliot once again assumes that he has been duped later. He returns home distraud only to find someone in his shower. It is Darlene one of the F Society hackers that he had met earlier. She has come to escort him to their Hideout for the next mission Elliot believes that he is going against the law and fears being caught but suddenly he realizes that he can learn more about F society and expose them once and for all hence. He agrees to go with Darlene on reaching the place Elliot meets all the team members and shots with Mr. Robot who starts discussing the next phase of their plan he orders Elliot to blow up a gas plant which is next to an off-site evil Corp data storage facility. This will erase all the data that is transferred to China hence starting their Uprising Elliot is intrigued by the plan, but since it involves blowing something up and killing people he decides to stay out of it. However in the subway he realizes that he cannot runWay from fsociety as he has also become one of them all these incidents have started to take a toll on Elliot's psyche. So he decides to increase his morphine dosage. He goes to his neighbor / drug dealer shayla's house only to find a violent woman abuser and Drug supplier named Fernando Elliot appears to know everything about him as he is shayla's only drug dealer who often visits her. He is the one who supplies the morphine that Elliot regularly consumes. This is also the reason why Elliott doesn't expose him to the police if Fernando is gone. His morphine is also gone shortly after Fernando leaves and Elliot finds Shayla have fun conscious and beaten up in the bathroom. He urges her to inform the police about the constant abuse. She's been suffering but Sheila refuses sang Fernando provides her with very good

deals this infuriates Eliot. So he decides to take matters into his own hands. He anonymously leaks Fernando's details to the police and gets him arrested. Even if it means that his regular morphine Supply is now gone elsewhere as Angela and her boyfriend Ali are walking on the streets a random guy approaches them and gives him a CD saying thatIt's his new mixtape when they reach home Ollie inserts the CD into his computer. And as soon as he does, so he receives an email from one of his girlfriends. She invites him over to her place to have fun that night Ollie being a pervert lies to Angela that he has a meeting with his friends and departs surprisingly after he leaves we can see that a man named Cisco has hacked into his computer webcam the following morning Elliot meets up with Mr. Robot and the two sit on a railing to talk they talk about their past lives and families. But in the midst of it Mr. Robot expresses his displeasure due to the fact that Elliott abandoned them some days ago saying this he suddenly Chucks Elliot from the railing and onto the rocky Beach Below on the other hand the interim CEO of Evil Corp, Tyrell gives an inspiring speech to the CEO explaining why his role should be made permanent but to his dismay the CEO reveals that they have found a good candidate whom they want to try out first hearing this Tyrell becomes enraged and heads to an isolated location there. He meets a homeless man. He's him some cash and beats him to a pulp to vent his frustration.The men in this show are more Twisted than the targaryens. Meanwhile Elliot wakes up in a hospital bruised and bandaged. He is visited by his therapist Krista who believes that he overdosed on morphine and fell from the railing when Elliot denies this she asks him to provide her with a blood sample. This is music to Elliot's ears because the current hospital he is in has a very weak security system. It is run on Windows 98 and has a puny antivirus as protection as a result. He easily hacks into it and Alters his records to make it look like his blood is free of drugs after getting discharged Elliott heads to work the next day where Mr. Robot pays him a surprise visit the two then head to a bar to discuss but Elliot is still angry about what happened earlier. He tells Mr. Robot that he doesn't want to be a part of his plan anymore and ask him to be left alone Mr. Robot obliges. But before leaving he reveals that F Society is going to be defunct as without Elliot. There is no purpose in the plan with the notorious cyber hacking group out of the way a big burden is removed from Elliot's Chest, hence. He starts becoming more social and Interactive.He asks his neighbor and close Confidant Shayla out on a date and also engages in other normal activities, like jogging going out with friends chatting with people on social media and so on at night Eliot Sheila and the other all safe employees are invited to Gideon's house for dinner there. They reminisce about their work and the good times. They have had suddenly on the television a News Channel reports that the notorious hacker group F Society has struck again this time they have released huge amounts of data, which reveal that evil Corp knew about the Washington toxic waste Scandal, which killed several people due to leukemia including Elliott's dad and Angela's mom the news makes Elliot sad, but now he has a purpose to take down the company, hence. He quickly leaves the place later when Angela and Ollie reach home, they get into a minor argument about their recent relationship status, which has been mostly cold taking this is the perfect opportunity all he finally reveals that someone is hacked into his computer. The hacker Cisco has sent several nude pictures of Angela along with credit card details of her father and his threatening to release them. However,Can stop that from happening if he infects their workplace all safe realizing the gravity of the situation the couple seriously considers doing it in the final scene Eliot who is apparently made up his mind arrives at the F Society base and joins his teammates. This show kicks ass. Be sure to catch the following episodes on series Recaps.