virtual assistant as our second Persona Dave Huang 
Dave is the regional sales manager and wants to understand sales Trends from previous product releases. 
He is also interested in inventory of surface products. 
He starts by asking a question on stock carried for surfaceco devices. 
We have our answer. Let's see what this looks like in the backend. 
We pass the schema information within the system prompt and ask GPT to produce the appropriate SQL query to answer the question. 
Once a SQL query is produced we run it against the SQL database to retrieve our output. 
Finally the answer from the SQL query is passed to GPD again to convert it to the conversational format that Dave sees here. 
Because we provide schema information within our system prompt GPT is able to produce queries needing joints across tables. 
Let's try a different question. 
Dave is interested in sales numbers for last week. 
Let us look at the backend once more. 
We follow the same pattern as before where we pass the question to GPT and ask for the appropriate SQL query to answer the question. 
We find that GPT is able to produce complex queries requiring multiple joins across many tables and is also able to produce queries with Dynamic daytime operations. 
Finally Dave is interested in understanding more on student friendly laptops and their sales. 
Unlike Emma Dave has access to both structured and unstructured information. 
They first asked the general question on which laptop is good for students. 
We have our answer. 
We see that Dave is able to get this information from the same source as Emma leverage for her marketing emails. 
on the back end 
we see that natural language question was converted into a search query. 
The search query is used by Azure search to identify relevant information across multiple documents and we can see this in the supporting content. 
Finally the supporting content is passed to GPT along with the question to get our streamline answer over here. 
Finally, they want to know how many of these were sold past quarter. 
We see that GPT was able to pick up the context of what the word these men through conversation history and gave us the right answer. We also see that David's able to seamlessly go from utilizing search capabilities on unstructured data to utilizing code completion capabilities on structured data without having to change his conversation.