The year is 1991 and Archer is taking his son Michael for a Ride On a Carousel nearby criminal Caster sets up a suppressed sniper rifle and once he gets a clean shot, he fires the bullet hits archer in the back goes through him and hits Michael on the head Father and Son fall to the ground and a devastated Archer clings to his dying sun while Castor is in shock over having killed a child six years later Archer is in charge of the FBI's Los Angeles office and has never stopped pursuing Caster who turns out to be a career terrorist currently Caster is pretending to be a minister to sneak into the Los Angeles Convention Center where he assembles an activates a huge bomb which will blow out in a few days at the FBI office Archer is informed that Caster's brother Pollux just chartered a jet at a local Airfield. So Archer immediately orders Tito to get an undercover agent planet on the plane because Polk's never flies without Castor at the local Airfield pollex and his henchmen meet with Castor and board the plane where they are greeted by an undercover agent posing as a flight attendant when the plane is about to take off the pilot suddenly sees a truck on the runway coming towards them at the same time thatNotices multiple police cars plus a helicopter at that moment the undercover agent takes out her gun and points at a Caster but Pollock's throws his briefcase at her and begins beating her up then cast her threatens the pilot and orders him to fly the plane Archer continues to chase after the plane in his truck and for a moment, it looks like both vehicles will collide but at the last second he manages to make a U-turn suddenly the plane door opens and Castor pushes the agent out killing her with a shot Archer immediately stops the truck and jumps into the helicopter which causes Caster to threaten the pilot into taking off. However, Archer keeps hitting the plane with a helicopter and the pilot fails to pull back. So the flaps break off completely Caster Fires at the helicopter to make it back off but Archer response by shooting the left engines which makes them blow up at that moment Caster kills the pilot and takes over the controls, but he has to die for cover before the plane crashes through the hanger with a huge explosion afterward Archer joins, his fellow agents in a chaotic firefight against Castor and Pollux many agents lose their lives in the process. Although one of them only loses his ear the agents keep on firing asChase the brothers deeper into the hangar and Archer shoots at a pipe. So the bursting water causes the siblings to split this allows two agents to attack Pollux and finally arrest him. Castor sees Pollux has been arrested and is calling for his health, but he ignores him and goes deeper into the hangar while Archer follows him. Suddenly Archer hears Caster reloading his pistol and notices another agent in the line of fire. But by the time he shouts a warning it's too late Caster kills the agent causing Archer to fire in return both men exchange a few shots as they try to keep cover and when another agent tries to help Archer tackles him to the ground right before Caster can hit him too. Then Archer shoots back and they keep on firing until they run out of ammo both men rush to reload their weapons and soon the firefight restarts after jumping around using chains and ramps Archer surprises cast her from behind and captures him but cast her only laughs and dares Archer to shoot him. They both stand up and get stuck in a Mexican standoff. So Caster uses the chance to brag about his bomb, but Archer believes he is bluffing then Caster makes inappropriate comments about Archer's daughter and tries to shoot only to discover. He's out of ammo again. He falls toKnees and breaks down but it's actually an act to grab a knife

from his pocket. Suddenly. He stands up knife ready to stab but Archer kicks Caster's hand and pushes him into a working turbine that sends Castor flying until he hits a ventilation grade and Falls seemingly dead afterward Archer returns home. Although his family's situation isn't the best his daughter Jamie Gets In Trouble a lot as she tries to find herself and his relationship with his wife Eve is very cold and distant because Archer spends too much time working on catching Caster since he's finally caught him Archer promises Eve that he will ask his boss to give him a desk job the next day the entire office congratulates Archer. However, he reminds everyone they need to remember the Fallen agents too afterward Archer declares. The Caster case closed on his PC. He is interrupted when agents Tito and Miller come with a disc they found in polixes briefcase. They inserted into the computer and a strange animation appears on the screen before it reveals the schematics of the bomb, which Archer identifies as a biological weapon Archer realizes Caster hadn't been bluffing but getting more information is almost impossible because Pollux will only talk about it with Castor.They attempt to interrogate Pollux about it, but they fail because Pollux can fool the polygraph desperate for a solution Miller takes Archer to the Walsh Institute a Medical Institution that specializes in advanced operations. Their Archer is shocked to discover that Caster is still alive in a coma which Miller proves by stepping out her cigarette on Caster skin the institutes director Dr. Walsh and Miller then Sharon idea. They would like Archer to take castor's face and go into prison posing as castor to extract information from Pollux Archer is skeptical that face swap can be a thing. So Walsh takes him to the operation room where lasers are constructing a new earlobe for the wounded agent Walsh explains that the face swap won't be permanent and they would do little modifications to archers body to match casters. He also shows Archer the morphogenetic template the inside of which is modeled on Archer skull but has an exterior model to resemble Caster's face. Meaning he won't feel any different at all. However, Archer finds the whole plan insane and leaves afterward Archer decides to try and interrogating some of casters partners in crime. He's so angry that he pushes the first two guys too far and makes one of them what his pants next.He tries to talk to castor's girlfriend Sasha who claims that she hasn't seen Castor in years. So Archer moves on to Sasha's brother Dietrich who gets tired of all the questions and insults archers dead son to provoke him Furious Archer tackles Dietrich to the floor and jams as pistol into dietrich's eye until he admits that all he knows is that the bomb goes off in a week after Sasha and Dietrich leave Archer meets with Tito and Miller and accepts to do the face swap. He wants to tell his boss and Eve about it but Miller forbids it because this is classified and off the books Archer decides to stop by his house to say goodbye to his family saying he has a mission without giving details making Eve angry because he lied about getting a desk job later Archer goes to the Walsh Institute and before the surgery he gives Tito his wedding ring for safekeeping. He also makes Walsh promise. He'll restore the bullet wound scar on his chest after the mission is over because he doesn't want to forget the day Michael died. Then the surgery begins Walsh very carefully takes their faces and while archers is put away for safety casters is connected to Archer's body while Caster himself is left with exposed muscle a few days later Archer wakes up and wants his bandages areWrapped he freaks out. As soon as he sees casters face in the mirror even trying to destroy it with a coat hanger Miller and Tito immediately give him a sedative to calm him down. Then Archer notices that his voice hasn't changed but Walsh quickly solves this by implanting a microchip in Archer's larynx that makes him sound like Castor sometime later a bunch of guards. Come to pick Archer up to take him to prison in a helicopter, but he's blindfolded first when the blindfold is finally removed Archer finds himself in a dark room being watched by several guards Warden Walton explains that archers now property of the prison and his feet are clamped in magnetic boots that allow the guards to monitor the location of every prisoner 24/7 and can keep him glued to the floor afterward Archer is taken to the cafeteria where the other inmates stare at him at that moment Archer sees Pollocks, but before he can approach him, he suddenly attacked

by Dove a criminal that wants revenge on the real Caster dub off begins beating Archer up pretty badly. But after taking a moment to catch his breath Archer fights back and gets the upper hand because he realizes that being Castor allows him to go crazy when the fight is over archers magnetic boots are clamped to the floor.And Walton uses a stun gun on him before warning dub off of the consequences of trying this again. Meanwhile in the Walsh Institute, the real Caster suddenly wakes up and immediately pulls off the bandages to discover. He has no face confused and in pain, he goes to the edge of the room and sees Archer's old face floating in a jar. So he calls his henchmen to help him out moments later the henchman kidnap Walsh and bring him over were Caster goes crazy and threatens Walsh until he accepts to give him Archer's face back in the prison Archer finally manages to approach Pollux and manages to get all the information about the bomb later a guard tells me as a visitor and Archer is taken to the initial room to archers surprise Caster appears wearing archers real face and shows him a newspaper article about a recent fire that destroyed the Institute and killed Walsh plus his two technicians. This makes Archer. Imagine how casters henchman tied up and gagged Walsh Miller and Tito then cover them with gasoline before starting the fire that killed them Castor also reveals. He's wearing archers wedding ring while explaining that he's destroyed any evidence that Archer could use to prove who he is his plan now includes taking over archers job and doing theNasty with Eve which makes Archer Furious he tries to hurt Castor only to be stopped by the guards while Castor leaves afterward Caster goes to Archer's house and he almost misses the address if he hadn't been for Eve waiting outside after Eve leaves for her job at the hospital Caster goes inside and looks around until he finds Eve's diary through which he learns even Archer haven't been naughty in over two months. Suddenly. He hears music and follows the noise to find Jamie and her room smoking a cigarette Caster stairs at her in a creepy way and Jamie gets angry because her dad is invading her privacy, but when she tries to slam the door cast her forces his way in and Takes a Cigarette from her which leaves Jamie in shock back in the prison Archer learns that Caster has cut a deal with Pollux and he's getting released Pollux is taken to the FBI office where Caster treats him to a gourmet meal. The other agents are surprised by who they think is archers Behavior because he keeps shrugging people off when they offer their condolences over Tito's death and making a deal with a low life-like Pollux isn't his style after everyone leaves Caster enters the interrogation room and turns off the microphone while reminding Pollocks that he's supposed to be snitching Caster prop.Is that Pollock should confess to the location of the bomb? So Caster can become a hero once Pollux tells them all about the bomb the police rushed to the convention center and evacuate the building Caster comes two and watches the bomb squad technicians trying to disarm the bomb with only one minute and 15 on the clock. The text explained that the codes are protected by a tamper switch that will take them several hours to bypass. So Caster kicks them all out. Once he's alone. He proceeds to use the codes and deactivates. The balm in seconds as predicted Caster becomes the hero of the city which Archer sees on the news everyone at the office showers Caster with praise and unlike the real Archer. He gladly receives all the compliments later that night Caster surprises Eve with a romantic dinner and they get intimate in prison A desperate Archer realizes that the only way to stop Caster is to break out. So he asks another inmate for information learning that he can only get his boots off. If he is taken to the clinic to get shock treatment at that moment Archer sees a guard pulling out a pack of cigarettes and gets an idea he walks over to the officer to demand a cigarette and when the guard orders him to get back in line Archer punches him thisIs a fight with several other guards during which Archer manages to steal a cigarette eventually the guards grab him and drag him to the clinic where dub off is getting shock therapy after he started another fight when they're done with dub off they pull them out and replace him with archer. He convinces Walton to light the cigarette for him. And while they are securing him Archer provokes dub off by mentioning. His family is waiting for him. Suddenly dub off attacks

Walton and while the guards go after him Archer breaks free of The Chair by burning his captor with the cigarette after punching the guards around them Archer steals a gun and shoots the men approaching them from the catwalks the elevator doors open and more guards appear. So they shove a stretcher into them disarming them next Archer grabs a bottle of sulfuric acid and throws it upwards before shooting it causing a small explosion Archer and dub off then jump up to the catwalk and start running shooting any guard that gets in their way as a riot breaks out in the exercise Hall eventually, they make it to the control room and dub off continues to fight all the guards while Archer sits at the computer and overloads the security system dub off gets shot and falls over the edge. So Archer rushes to grab him by the barrel of his gun,He tries to pull him up but dub Off Script slips and he falls to his death Walton fires up at Archer. But he stopped when a bunch of inmates begin beating him up afterward Archer makes his way to the roof where he discovers that the prison is an offshore oil platform at that moment a helicopter appears in Archer jumps off the platform as the Gunner opens fire Archer lands on the next deck as the helicopter chases after him and when Archer Gets behind some oil cans a stray bullet causes a spark that lights archers feed on fire. He quickly removes his socks before jumping into the ocean and since he doesn't surface the pilots assume he's dead. Meanwhile Eve is shock to hear her husband is forgotten about Michael's birthday and Caster is dragged to the cemetery to visit Michael's grave later when he goes to the office. He's told that Archer escaped from prison and there's no body. So Caster sends the cops to find him back to Archer. He swims to the shore and steals a car from a valet parking lot then drives over to the hospital where he works. He makes a call from the car phone and tries to warn Eve about Castor. But since he isn't using his real voice Eve thinks this is a bad prank and hangs up next Archer calls the FBI office.But unfortunately the operator transfers him to Caster so he hangs up too. There are cops around looking for him. So Archer has to hide when he sees a police car pass by next Archer decides to go to see Dietrich who immediately invites him to hang out with other criminals and some escorts Dietrich also gives him casters to win pistols Archer drinks some water not knowing it's been spiked his body starts reacting badly to the drink. So Archer rushes to the bathroom where he looks in the mirror and points a gun. It is reflection Archer tries to calm down only to be interrupted by Sasha who proceeds to slap him unconscious. Meanwhile Castor is in the middle of an angry phone call with Pollux when he suddenly hears loud music. He looks through the window and sees Jamie's boyfriend trying to force himself on her in his car cast her immediately hangs up and runs outside to smash the window with his foot pull the boy out of the car and beat him up before slamming his head against the roof while ordering him to apologize afterward Caster gives Jamie a knife for protection and instructs her to stab any attacker in the thigh twisting the blade back to Archer. He's now resting on a bed and wakes up when Sasha gets too affectionate.He accidentally calls her Eve. But once he sees it isn't his wife. He reaches for his gun Sasha insists on trying to do the dirty and all this is seen by Pollux from across the street before he calls Caster to tell him about it Caster immediately sends an FBI team to the scene once Archer is finally able to get Sasha off him Sasha reveals her son Adam as there and confesses his casters Archer can't help seeing his own son in Adam and hugs the boy while calling him Michael which makes it confused Sasha pull her son away at that moment an FBI agent fires a smoke grenade that crashes through the bedroom window Archer quickly pulls Sasha and Adam to the ground as the SWAT team opens fire and Dietrich together with the other criminals grab their weapons to fire back Archer quickly grabs Adam's headset so he can hear music instead of the weapons a SWAT officers burst into the apartment and a vicious firefight begins. There's chaos everywhere and Sasha steals a gun before she Archer and Adam try to run away. However more agents burst in so Dietrich takes Adam to the room and Sasha helps the escorts Escape while Archer personally goes after the agents that keep coming hundreds of shots. Keep on being fired in both sides lose many lives.An officer sees adamant almost shoots him

but Archer pushes him away just in time then arch your hands Adam over to Sasha who rushes to the lobby an agent tries to stop her, but she just kicks him and runs away the agent stands up to try again only to be stopped by Archer who removes the mask in a shock to see a friend from work Dietrich is coming. So Archer knocks his friend out and shoots the ground to pretend to kill him at that moment Caster shows up and aims his gun at Archer. However, he hears a noise and accidentally shoots at Sasha instead Dietrich jumps in and the bullet hits him in the neck. So he tells Sasha to run by the time Archer gets to him Dietrich is dead. Then Archer grabs dietrich's weapon and another gunfight against Castor ensues a few more shots are exchanged before both men end up on opposite side of the same mirror and after some Banner they open fire at the same time the glass shatters and Archer is hit on the side of his body, but the men keep firing at that moment an agent arrives and shoots at Archer too. So he escaped through the stairway on the roof Archer finds and they try to escape by climbing suddenly Archer grabs a crane cable and slams into Pollocks.Sending him crashing through the Skylight Castor sees Archer and opens fire making Archer flea. Then Caster notices Pollux is dead and breaks down crying making an agent wonder why he cries for a criminal Furious Caster shoots the agent in the face the next morning the office boss comes into argue with Castor about what happened last night. Suddenly the man clutches his chest from palpitations. So Caster uses the chance to tell him his real identity before knocking him down then Caster punches him in the heart until it stops completely. Next Caster calls his secretary saying their boss had a heart attack. Meanwhile Archer breaks into his own house and makes you freak out when she sees him Archer does her best to calm her down and explains the face swap telling her to test her husband's blood type to confirm the story because casters is different from archers later that night while Caster is asleep. You've quietly take some of his blood then sneaks out to go to the hospital where she runs the tests and finally sees the truth at that moment Archer shows up and asks for help for the wounds. He got during the gunfight but Eve is still very in pulls out a gun to prove his identity Archer share some stories of their dates, and he finally believesEve takes care of Archer's wounds and tells him tomorrow. There will be a funeral for his boss in the morning Castor wakes up to an empty bed and immediately gets suspicious. So he rushes to the hospital. But by the time he arrives Archer is already gone sometime later the funeral proceeds as normal once everyone is gone Archer confronts Caster who Reveals His henchman has he hostage suddenly Sasha and another henchman with Jamie show up too getting everyone stuck in a Mexican standoff a gunfight ensues and Sasha takes a bullet to save Archer before dying. She begs him not to let Adam grow up to be a criminal caster and Archer engage in a battle involving both guns and fists with archer soon gaining the upper hand while they're grabbing each other. Jamie finds a gun and shoots at Archer because she doesn't know of the switch allowing the real Caster to break free Caster takes Jamie hostage and licks her face, but she stabs him in the leg using the tricky totter wounded Caster shoots two agents before running away and stealing a boat Archer goes after him and steals another boat while Caster shoots the rent shop making it explode a long Chase ensues while the Coast Guard Fires at them, butA Caster shoots them all and crashes archers boat against theirs Archer jumps on casters boat to keep on fighting him, but after a few weird moves this boat also crashes and the men are thrown ashore they engage in a final hand to hand fight and when Caster begins hurting Archer's face Archer kills him with a spear gun later Eve is able to explain the entire situation to the FBI and Archer is taken to the hospital to have his face restored. However, he asks them not to give him back his chest scar because now that Caster's dead he can finally move on once Archer has his own face and voice back. He comes home into his family after apologizing for being distant the past years he promises to do better and introduces them to Adam who shall be adopted by them.Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. Thanks for watching.