Town of conversations about data actually is a data practitioner made a confession recently in public that I'm tired of the conversations because there's so much hype around it. I think what a brands are looking for is very simple. How do we use this Rich behavioral data? It's that has so much potential. How do we use it for strategic applications to transform brand experiences. And then how do we also use it for? Very tactical application? Who is the Right audience? What is the right time to reach them? So it's really finding this balance of using data to drive big strategic ideas.Content messaging as well as the delivery of that at the right time to the right audiences. I mean, I think the industry is divided. On kind of the you can say three tracks from three groups one is and this still exists believe it or not. I'm not gonna name the agencies. They know who they are and they're respectful some big big creative thinkers. You can order data and they'll say all these days bad. It has a bad influence on the creativity. They're very public and very loud about that topic at the moment on the other end. There is a school of thought of you know, the world is going to be run by data and the data and artificial intelligence is gonna give us all the answers and you don't need to creatives and there is that the third which is in the middle which is saying, well, it's really how to do and to work together which nobody that's why that is the one that's you're the easiest to agree with the challenge is that nobody has figured out what does that means? So most people get up there and say well no. No, it's not about data. It's not about creativity. It's how they work together.That in theory sounds good. But in practice nobody has figured that out. There are a lot of Brands who are incredible and optimization, but their businesses are still struggling because their optimization isn't moving the business forward. It's their tactically optimizing themselves out of the business. So how do disagree with that that's happening. The optimization of creative is we're doing it ourselves for our clients, but it's not enough. It's it's also using the data to develop the right content the right experiences and then three kids and I want to one level